Trivia Question: What is the capital city of Spain?
Answer: Madrid.

Trivia Question: What country is home to the tallest mountain in the world, Mount Everest?
Answer: Nepal.

Trivia Question: After Alaska, which U.S. state has the longest coastline?
Answer: Florida.

Trivia Question: What country has the largest population in the world?
Answer: China.

Trivia Question: What are the 5 U.S. states that have a coastline on the Gulf of Mexico?
Answer: Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida

Trivia Question: What is the capital city of Australia?
Answer: Canberra.

Trivia Question: What is the only country that borders the United Kingdom?
Answer: Ireland.

Trivia Question: Where is the largest volcano on Earth located?
Answer: Hawaii.

Trivia Question: What is the name of the highest waterfall in the world?
Answer: Angel Falls, in Venezuela.

Trivia Question: What is the largest U.S. state?
Answer: Alaska.

Trivia Question: What does the “D.C.” stand for in Washington, D.C.?
Answer: District of Columbia

Trivia Question: What is the state capital of New York?
Answer: Albany.

Trivia Question: What is the capital of the American state of Arizona?
Answer: Phoenix

Trivia Question: What is the only state in the United States that does not have a flag in a shape with 4 edges?
Answer: Ohio

Trivia Question: In which city, is the Big Nickel located in Canada?
Answer: Sudbury, Ontario

Trivia Question: What is the Capital of the United States?
Answer: Washington, D.C.

Trivia Question: What is the tallest mountain in Canada?
Answer: Mount Logan

Trivia Question: What is Canada’s largest island?
Answer: Baffin Island

Trivia Question: Where is Barbados?
Answer: In the Caribbean

Trivia Question: What is the capital city of the State of Washington, United States?
Answer: Olympia

Trivia Question: Which state is bordered by Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming?
Answer: Colorado.

Trivia Question: Which of these African countries list “Spanish” as an official language?
Answer: Equatorial Guinea

Trivia Question: What is the capital of Senegal?
Answer: Dakar

Trivia Question: In which South American country would you find the statue, Christ the Redeemer?
Answer: Brazil.

Trivia Question: What African country has Portuguese as its official language?
Answer: Mozambique

Trivia Question: What is the name of the largest island in Africa?
Answer: Madagascar.

Trivia Question: What is the name of the smallest country in South America?
Answer: Suriname.

Trivia Question: The historical city Timbuktu is located in which West African country?
Answer: Mali

Trivia Question: Which African nation has the most pyramids?
Answer: Sudan. 

Trivia Question: What is the largest non-continental island in the world?
Answer: Greenland

Trivia Question: Which country in the European Union has the biggest population?
Answer: Germany.

Trivia Question: The derisive acronym “PIIGS” refers to which of the following European countries and their economic statuses?
Answer: Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece, Spain

Trivia Question: What is the largest country in the world in terms of land area?
Answer: Russia

rivia Question: What is the capital of Denmark?
Answer: Copenhagen

Trivia Question: What is the Polish city known to Germans as Danzig?
Answer: Gdańsk

Trivia Question: What is the smallest country in the world?
Answer: Vatican City

Trivia Question: What is the capital of Scotland?
Answer: Edinburgh

Trivia Question: Which small country is located between the borders of France and Spain?
Answer: Andorra

Trivia Question: Where would you find the “Spanish Steps”?
Answer: Rome, Italy

Trivia Question: Which country has the abbreviation “CH”?
Answer: Switzerland

Trivia Question: What is the capital city of New Zealand?
Answer: Wellington

Trivia Question: Kuala Lumpur is the capital city of which country?
Answer: Malaysia

Trivia Question: The Grear Barrier Reef is off the coast of which Australian state?
Answer: Queensland

Trivia Question: Mt. Fuji is the highest point in which Asian country?
Answer: Japan.

Trivia Question: Denali is the highest mountain in which continent?
Answer: North America

Trivia Question: Which city is situated on two continents?
Answer: Istanbul