Trivia Question: One of the ancient world wonders, the “Hanging Gardens,” was found in which city?
Answer: Babylon

Trivia Question: Greenland was a colony of which country until 1981?
Answer: Denmark

Trivia Question: Which bridge was the first to be built across the River Thames in London?
Answer: London Bridge

Trivia Question: In which country did the Easter Rising take place in 1916?
Answer: Ireland

Trivia Question: Which seven U.S. states seceded and formed the original Confederacy during the U.S. Civil War?
Answer: Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, and Texas

Trivia Question: In which Libyan city was the American diplomatic compound attacked in September 2012?
Answer: Benghazi

Trivia Question: In 1865, Confederate General Robert E. Lee surrendered to Union General Ulysses S. Grant, effectively ending the American Civil War. Where did this take place?
Answer: Appomattox

Trivia Question: Which infamous prison was stormed on July 14th, 1789?
Answer: The Bastille in Paris

Trivia Question: Where were the first modern Olympics held?
Answer: Athens, Greece 

Trivia Question: What is the modern name for Van Diemen’s Land?
Answer: Tasmania

Trivia Question: Roald Amundsen led a successful expedition to what location in 1911?
Answer: The South Pole

Trivia Question: The Ptolemy dynasty ruled which ancient kingdom?
Answer: Egypt

Trivia Question: The Peloponnesian War was fought between Athens and which other ancient Greek state?
Answer: Sparta

Trivia Question: What is the name of the first human civilization?
Answer: Mesopotamia

Trivia Question: The Incan Empire is located in which modern-day country?
Answer: Peru

Trivia Question: Before independence, what was Bangladesh called?
Answer: East Pakistan

Trivia Question: What nation separated from the United Kingdom in 1921?
Answer: Ireland

Trivia Question: In which country was the largest known T-Rex skeleton found?
Answer: Canada

Trivia Question: Where was Adolf Hitler born?
Answer: Austria

Trivia Question: The Battle of Hastings in 1066 was fought in which country?
Answer: England

Trivia Question: In which city and state was John F. Kennedy assassinated?
Answer: Dallas, Texas

Trivia Question: The Hundred Years War was fought between what two countries?
Answer: France and England

Trivia Question: The Khmer Rouge was a regime ruling which nation in the 20th century?
Answer: Cambodia

Trivia Question: The 1707 Acts of Union was an event that combined what?
Answer: England and Scotland

Trivia Question: Along with Hiroshima, Japan, which Japanese city was hit by an atomic bomb in 1945?
Answer: Nagasaki

Trivia Question: Where was Cleopatra’s birthplace?
Answer: Greece

Trivia Question: The Cold War was between the United States and what other world power?
Answer: Soviet Union

Trivia Question: Eva Peron was the first lady of what country?
Answer: Argentina

Trivia Question: Who was not a member of the Allied Powers during World War II?
Answer: Italy

Trivia Question: Which African nation successfully resisted colonialism in the late 19th century?
Answer: Ethiopia

Trivia Question: Which Chinese destination was the site of protests in 1989?
Answer: Tiananmen Square

Trivia Question: Which country did England send convicts to between 1788 and 1868?
Answer: Australia

Trivia Question: What was the previous name for New York?
Answer: New Amsterdam

Trivia Question: Who did the United States acquire Alaska from?
Answer: Russia

Trivia Question: Which empire did Charlemagne rule?
Answer: Holy Roman Empire

Trivia Question: What is the name of the island Napoleon was exiled to?
Answer: Elba

Trivia Question: What modern-day city was known as Bombay?
Answer: Mumbai

Trivia Question: Which country was not part of the Triple Entente?
Answer: Germany

Trivia Question: In which country did Buddhism originate?
Answer: Nepal

Trivia Question: What city was formerly known as Saigon?
Answer: Ho Chi Minh City

Trivia Question: In 1773, tea from the British East India Company was famously thrown into which body of water in protest by American colonists?
Answer: Boston Harbor

Trivia Question: The Statue of Liberty was a gift from which country?
Answer: France

Trivia Question: Which great wonder of the Ancient World still stands today?
Answer: Giza Pyramid

Trivia Question: Which country was the first to allow women to vote?
Answer: New Zealand

Trivia Question: What was the first capital of the United States?
Answer: New York, New York

Trivia Question: Which river did George Washington famously cross in 1776?
Answer: Delaware

Trivia Question: Which country held its first democratic elections on January 30th, 2005?
Answer: Iraq

Trivia Question: What was the first city to reach a population of 1 million?
Answer: Ancient Rome

Trivia Question: What country won the first World Cup?
Answer: Uruguay

Trivia Question: Which South American country has a famous canal running through it?
Answer: Panama

Trivia Question: Which country was the first to legalize same-sex marriage?
Answer: The Netherlands

Trivia Question: Where was the first Disney park built?
Answer: Anaheim, California