Trivia Question: What was the shortest war in human history?
Answer: The war between England and Zanzibar

Trivia Question: How long did the war between England and Zanzibar last?
Answer: Between 38 & 45 minutes

Trivia Question: How many years did the 100 years war last?
Answer: 116 years

Trivia Question: What was the name of the research ship Charles Darwin traveled with?
Answer: The Beagle

Trivia Question: In which year did Hitler commit suicide?
Answer: 1945

Trivia Question: In which year was John F. Kennedy assassinated?
Answer: 1963

Trivia Question: One of the ancient world wonders, the “Hanging Gardens,” was found in which city?
Answer: Babylon

Trivia Question: Greenland was a colony of which country until 1981?
Answer: Denmark

Trivia Question: Which organization was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1917?
Answer: The Red Cross

Trivia Question: How many days in a week were there in ancient Roman times?
Answer: 8

Trivia Question: How many days was William Harrison President of the United States?
Answer: 32

Trivia Question: In 1927, who became the first man to fly solo and non-stop across the Atlantic?
Answer: Charles Lindbergh

Trivia Question: What was the family name of the Russian rulers from the 17th century until the 1917 revolution?
Answer: Romanov

Trivia Question: Which bridge was the first to be built across the River Thames in London?
Answer: London Bridge

Trivia Question: Which U.S. president had a home called The Hermitage?
Answer: Andrew Jackson

Trivia Question: Which famous battle took place on Sunday, June 18th, 1815?
Answer: The Battle of Waterloo

Trivia Question: How many U.S. presidents have been assassinated?
Answer: Four

Trivia Question: What are the names of the U.S. presidents who have been assassinated?
Answer: Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfield, William McKinley, John F. Kennedy

Trivia Question: Which King of England was executed in 1649 during the English Civil War?
Answer: Charles I.

Trivia Question: Which world leader is famous for his “Little Red Book”?
Answer: Mao Zedong, or Mao Tse-tung

Trivia Question: When did Mao Zedong come to power?
Answer: 1949

Trivia Question: In which country did the Easter Rising take place in 1916?
Answer: Ireland

Trivia Question: Which seven U.S. states seceded and formed the original Confederacy during the U.S. Civil War?
Answer: Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, and Texas

Trivia Question: What name is given to Britain’s policy of avoiding strict enforcement of parliamentary laws on early American colonies?
Answer: Salutary neglect

Trivia Question: What was the name of the first Space Shuttle to go into space?
Answer: Space Shuttle Columbia

Trivia Question: When did the first Space Shuttle go into space?
Answer: April 12th, 1981

Trivia Question: The ancient Egyptians worshiped dung beetle?
Answer: The scarab

Trivia Question: Who was shot outside the Hilton Hotel in Washington on March 30th, 1981?
Answer: President Ronald Reagan

Trivia Question: Which mountaineer and his Sherpa became the first men to conquer Mount Everest?
Answer: Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay

Trivia Question: How did Alexander the Great solve the puzzle of the Gordion knot?
Answer: He cut it with a sword

Trivia Question: Who was the first man to walk on the moon, and in which year?
Answer: Neil Armstrong, 1969

Trivia Question: Which Greek historian is known as the “Father of History”?
Answer: Herodotus

Trivia Question: Which Russian astronaut was the first man to conduct a spacewalk?
Answer: Alexey Leonov

Trivia Question: In which Libyan city was the American diplomatic compound attacked in September 2012?
Answer: Benghazi

Trivia Question: In 1865, Confederate General Robert E. Lee surrendered to Union General Ulysses S. Grant, effectively ending the American Civil War. Where did this take place?
Answer: Appomattox

Trivia Question: Which infamous prison was stormed on July 14th, 1789?
Answer: The Bastille in Paris

Trivia Question: Where were the first modern Olympics held?
Answer: Athens, Greece 1896

Trivia Question: What is the modern name for Van Diemen’s Land?
Answer: Tasmania

Trivia Question: Who was the first woman in space?
Answer: Soviet Cosmonaut, Valentina Tereshkova

Trivia Question: Roald Amundsen led a successful expedition to what location in 1911?
Answer: The South Pole

Trivia Question: The Ptolemy dynasty ruled which ancient kingdom?
Answer: Egypt

Trivia Question: Who invented the cotton gin?
Answer: Eli Whitney

Trivia Question: What year did the War of 1812 end?
Answer: 1815

Trivia Question: Who became President of the United States after John F. Kennedy was assassinated?
Answer: Lyndon B. Johnson

Trivia Question: The ancient city of Rome was built on how many hills?
Answer: Seven

Trivia Question: Octavian defeated Mark Anthony in which famous naval battle of 31 B.C.?
Answer: The Battle of Actium

Trivia Question: Who was the first man to swim the English Channel?
Answer: Matthew Webb

Trivia Question: The Peloponnesian War was fought between Athens and which other ancient Greek state?
Answer: Sparta

Trivia Question: Who built the first car in America?
Answer: Henry Ford

Trivia Question: What is the name of the first car ever made?
Answer: The Motorwagon

Trivia Question: Which English queen reigned for just nine days?
Answer: Lady Jane Grey

Trivia Question: Which war took place between 1950 and 1953?
Answer: The Korean War

Trivia Question: What is the name of the first human civilization?
Answer: Mesopotamia

Trivia Question: What does “The Magna Carta” mean?
Answer: “The Great Charter”

Trivia Question: In which year was the first Super Bowl played?
Answer: 1967

Trivia Question: Which team won the first Super Bowl?
Answer: GreenBay Packers

Trivia Question: The Maya of Mesoamerica are best known for their achievements in which subjects?
Answer: Math & Astronomy

Trivia Question: Who is known for running through the streets crying Eureka?
Answer: Archimedes

Trivia Question: What is the name of the first female Hispanic astronaut?
Answer: Ellen Ochoa

Trivia Question: How did Joan of Arc die?
Answer: She was burned at the stake

Trivia Question: How many times has the Mona Lisa been stolen?
Answer: One

Trivia Question: What is the breed of Snoopy in the highly successful comic strip?
Answer: Beagle

Trivia Question: Who was the emperor of Rome from A.D. 54 – A.D. 68?
Answer: Nero

Trivia Question: Which century did the French Revolution take place in?
Answer: The 18th Century

Trivia Question: In which year was the Berlin Wall torn down?
Answer: 1989

Trivia Question: In which year was Mahatma Gandhi killed?
Answer: 1948

Trivia Question: What is the name of The Beatles’ debut album?
Answer: Please Please Me

Trivia Question: Who led the USSR from 1917-1922?
Answer: Vladimir Lenin

Trivia Question: The “Whitechapel Murderer” is the nickname given to which serial killer?
Answer: Jack the Ripper

Trivia Question: The construction of the Berlin Wall begin in what year?
Answer: 1961

Trivia Question: The Incan Empire is located in which modern-day country?
Answer: Peru

Trivia Question: The Great Fire of London happened in which year?
Answer: 1666

Trivia Question: In which war did the Battle of the Bulge take place?
Answer: World War II

Trivia Question: Who invented the telephone?
Answer: Alexander Graham Bell

Trivia Question: Who crossed the Rubicon?
Answer: Julius Caeser

Trivia Question: Who was the first female to be elected into the U.S. Congress?
Answer: Janet Rankin

Trivia Question: Who was the first black Senator in the United States?
Answer: Carol Moseley Brown

Trivia Question: Before independence, what was Bangladesh called?
Answer: East Pakistan

Trivia Question: What was the Great Western Schism?
Answer: When more than one pope claimed authority over the Roman Catholic church.

Trivia Question: Who painted the mural of “The Last Supper”?
Answer: Leonardo da Vinci

Trivia Question: What First Lady became the first wife of a sitting president to appear under subpoena before a grand jury?
Answer: Hillary Rodham Clinton

Trivia Question: Whose assassination resulted in the Lorraine Motel becoming the National Civil Rights Museum?
Answer: The assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr.

Trivia Question: Which U.S. President was inducted in the National Wrestling Hall of Fame in 1992?
Answer: Abraham Lincoln

Trivia Question: What nation separated from the United Kingdom in 1921?
Answer: Ireland

Trivia Question: In which country was the largest known T-Rex skeleton found?
Answer: Canada

Trivia Question: What was the first toy to be advertised on television?
Answer: Mr. Potato Head

Trivia Question: In which year did WWI begin?
Answer: 1914

Trivia Question: Where was Adolf Hitler born?
Answer: Austria

Trivia Question: The Battle of Hastings in 1066 was fought in which country?
Answer: England

Trivia Question: When was Pearl Harbor bombed?
Answer: December 7th, 1941

Trivia Question: Who created the first successful printing press?
Answer: Johannes Gutenberg

Trivia Question: What is the name of the disease that ravaged and killed a third of Europe’s population in the 14th century?
Answer: The Bubonic Plague

Trivia Question: In which city and state was John F. Kennedy assassinated?
Answer: Dallas, Texas

Trivia Question: The Hundred Years War was fought between what two countries?
Answer: France and England

Trivia Question: Which Roman Emperor built a massive wall across Northern Britain in 122 A.D.?
Answer: Hadrian

Trivia Question: In the 5,000 years of human history, what is the one disease that has been completely eradicated?
Answer: Small Pox

Trivia Question: What is the longest war in U.S. history?
Answer: Afghan War

Trivia Question: The Aztec people sacrificed about how many people per year?
Answer: 250,000

Trivia Question: Who wrote the document known as the 95 Theses?
Answer: Martin Luther

Trivia Question: Who painted the Sistine Chapel?
Answer: Michelangelo

Trivia Question: The ancient Mayan civilization existed in which modern-day country?
Answer: Guatemala

Trivia Question: In 1594, William Shakespeare joined the company of which London theatre?
Answer: The Globe

Trivia Question: What group of people discovered Greenland?
Answer: The Vikings

Trivia Question: What is the name of the first successful colony in Virginia?
Answer: Jamestown

Trivia Question: The Khmer Rouge was a regime ruling which nation in the 20th century?
Answer: Cambodia

Trivia Question: The 1707 Acts of Union was an event that combined what?
Answer: England and Scotland

Trivia Question: What famous 5th century A.D. conqueror was known as “The Scourge of God”?
Answer: Attila the Hun

Trivia Question: When did WWI officially end?
Answer: November 11th, 1918

Trivia Question: In 1939, the UK declared war on Germany after what event?
Answer: Poland was invaded

Trivia Question: In what year did humans put the first satellite into orbit?
Answer: 1957

Trivia Question: Who orchestrated a terrorist attack against the United States on September 11th, 2001?
Answer: Al Qaeda

Trivia Question: Who was the first Western explorer to reach China?
Answer: Marco Polo

Trivia Question: When was the television invented?
Answer: 1927

Trivia Question: Who was the inventor of the television?
Answer: Philo Taylor Farnsworth

Trivia Question: How old was Philo Farnsworth when he invented the television?
Answer: 21

Trivia Question: What scandal forced U.S. President Richard Nixon to resign in 1974?
Answer: Watergate

Trivia Question: The Cuban Revolution led to the rise of what dictator?
Answer: Fidel Castro

Trivia Question: There have been four eons since the Earth’s beginning. What is the name of the eon we are living in?
Answer: Phanerozoic Eon

Trivia Question: Along with Hiroshima, Japan, which Japanese city was hit by an atomic bomb in 1945?
Answer: Nagasaki

Trivia Question: Which series of wars saw European Christians invading the middle east to take the Holy Land?
Answer: The Crusades

Trivia Question: Which human ancestor was the first to discover fire?
Answer: Homo Erectus

Trivia Question: Who was the first female prime minister of Britain?
Answer: Margaret Thatcher

Trivia Question: Who assassinated Abraham Lincoln?
Answer: John Wilkes Booth

Trivia Question: What acquisition of territory by the United States from France occurred in 1803?
Answer: Louisiana Purchase

Trivia Question: Who was known as the “Virgin Queen”?
Answer: Queen Elizabeth I

Trivia Question: Where was Cleopatra’s birthplace?
Answer: Greece

Trivia Question: The Cold War was between the United States and what other world power?
Answer: Soviet Union

Trivia Question: The Reign of Terror was a period during which major social and political event?
Answer: French Revolution

Trivia Question: What category was Hurricane Katrina when it made landfall in 2005?
Answer: Category 3

Trivia Question: What is the full title of the first Harry Potter movie released on November 16th, 2001?
Answer: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone

Trivia Question: How long did it take Yuri Gagarin, the first man in space, to orbit Earth?
Answer: 89 minutes

Trivia Question: In which year did The Challenger disaster take place?
Answer: 1986

Trivia Question: The Protestant Reformation was started by whom?
Answer: Martin Luther

Trivia Question: What famous music festival took place in 1969?
Answer: Woodstock

Trivia Question: What was the name of the movie that Elvis Presley made his film debut in?
Answer: Love Me Tender

Trivia Question: Eva Peron was the first lady of what country?
Answer: Argentina

Trivia Question: Who won the Nobel Peace prize in 1964?
Answer: Martin Luther King, Jr.

Trivia Question: Who was not a member of the Allied Powers during World War II?
Answer: Italy

Trivia Question: “An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth” is a well-known phrase from what collection of 282 laws?
Answer: The Code of Hammurabi

Trivia Question: Who was responsible for liberating much of South Africa?
Answer: Simon Bolivar

Trivia Question: What was the name given to the laws aimed at enforcing segregation in public places in the United States?
Answer: Jim Crow Laws

Trivia Question: Which Roman Emperor’s Edit of Milan made Christianity legal?
Answer: Constantine

Trivia Question: What was the name of the first computer?
Answer: ENIAC

Trivia Question: Which African nation successfully resisted colonialism in the late 19th century?
Answer: Ethiopia

Trivia Question: Which civilization was centered around the city of Tenochtitlan?
Answer: Aztec

Trivia Question: Who was the victor in the French and Indian War?
Answer: The British

Trivia Question: Who wrote “The Communist Manifesto”?
Answer: Karl Marx & Friedrich Engels

Trivia Question: What was the first dynasty of Imperial China?
Answer: Qin dynasty

Trivia Question: Which Chinese destination was the site of protests in 1989?
Answer: Tiananmen Square

Trivia Question: Who invented Penicillin?
Answer: Alexander Fleming

Trivia Question: What was Marie Curie known for?
Answer: The discovery of the elements polonium and radium

Trivia Question: Whose assassination led to World War I?
Answer: Archduke Franz Ferdinand

Trivia Question: Which Argentinian became a notable figure in the Cuban Revolution?
Answer: Che Guevara

Trivia Question: Which international organization formed after World War I and was headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland?
Answer: League of Nations

Trivia Question: During which years were the Spanish Civil War?
Answer: 1936-1939

Trivia Question: How long was Francisco Franco in power in Spain?
Answer: 36 Years

Trivia Question: Which country did England send convicts to between 1788 and 1868?
Answer: Australia

Trivia Question: Who ran the USSR during World War II?
Answer: Joseph Stalin

Trivia Question: Which movie star married the Prince of Monaco on April 18th, 1956?
Answer: Grace Kelly

Trivia Question: Which union has 28 member countries, many of which use the euro as their currency?
Answer: European Union

Trivia Question: What are the Bill of Rights?
Answer: The first Ten Amendments of the U.S. Constitution

Trivia Question: Which conflict ended with the Good Friday Agreement?
Answer: The Troubles

Trivia Question: What was the previous name for New York?
Answer: New Amsterdam

Trivia Question: Which British ocean liner did a German U-boat torpedo on May 7th, 1915?
Answer: Lusitania

Trivia Question: Who did the United States acquire Alaska from?
Answer: Russia

Trivia Question: Which empire did Charlemagne rule?
Answer: Holy Roman Empire

Trivia Question: What is the name of the island Napoleon was exiled to?
Answer: Elba

Trivia Question: Who was the founder of the Mongol Empire?
Answer: Genghis Khan

Trivia Question: What modern-day city was known as Bombay?
Answer: Mumbai

Trivia Question: Who was the first African American Supreme Court Justice?
Answer: Thurgood Marshall

Trivia Question: Which country was not part of the Triple Entente?
Answer: Germany

Trivia Question: What is the name of the strip of land that divides the Korean Peninsula?
Answer: Korean Demilitarized Zone

Trivia Question: Who won four gold medals in the 1936 Olympics, infuriating Adolf Hitler?
Answer: Jessie Owens

Trivia Question: Who was the first and, thus far, only female prime minister of Israel?
Answer: Golda Meir

Trivia Question: What documents were responsible for establishing the 17th Parallel as the line that separated Vietnam during the Vietnam War?
Answer: Geneva Accords

Trivia Question: In which country did Buddhism originate?
Answer: Nepal

Trivia Question: Who was the President of the United States during the Iran Hostage Crisis?
Answer: Jimmy Carter

Trivia Question: Which city served as the capital of the Ottoman Empire?
Answer: Constantinople

Trivia Question: What were warriors in Japan known as?
Answer: Samarais

Trivia Question: What city was formerly known as Saigon?
Answer: Ho Chi Minh City

Trivia Question: Which country did the United Kingdom fight against in the Falklands War?
Answer: Argentina

Trivia Question: Which organization has 193 member countries?
Answer: United Nations

Trivia Question: Who was the king of France during the French Revolution?
Answer: Louis XVI

Trivia Question: Which famous novel is based on the French Revolution?
Answer: The Tale of Two Cities

Trivia Question: Which book was written by Hitler while in prison in the 1920s?
Answer: Mein Kampf

Trivia Question: During World War I, the territory known as South West Africa was a colony of which country?
Answer: Germany

Trivia Question: Which 19th-century scientist is known for creating the first vaccine?
Answer: Louis Pasteur

Trivia Question: In which year did the Emancipation Proclamation become law?
Answer: 1863

Trivia Question: In 1981, MTV showed its first music video. What was it?
Answer: “Video Killed the Radio Star” by The Buggles

Trivia Question: Who invented the steam engine?
Answer: George Stephenson

Trivia Question: In 1773, tea from the British East India Company was famously thrown into which body of water in protest by American colonists?
Answer: Boston Harbor

Trivia Question: From what city did the Titanic set sail?
Answer: South Hampton

Trivia Question: Who was the airline pilot that successfully landed his stricken plane in the Hudson River in 2009?
Answer: Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger

Trivia Question: Who invented the vaccine for Polio?
Answer: Jonas Salk

Trivia Question: In what year did Nelson Mandela get released from prison?
Answer: 1990

Trivia Question: Rome was founded in which year?
Answer: 753, B.C.

Trivia Question: The Statue of Liberty was a gift from which country?
Answer: France

Trivia Question: Which former Primer Minister of India was assassinated in 1991?
Answer: Rajiv Gandhi

Trivia Question: What is the date that The Allies invaded Europe at Normandy?
Answer: June 6th, 1944

Trivia Question: Who was the second President of the United States?
Answer: John Adams

Trivia Question: What kind of animal did Cleopatra use to kill herself?
Answer: A snake

Trivia Question: Which U.S. mail service started in 1860?
Answer: Pony Express

Trivia Question: What is the smallest country in the world?
Answer: Vatican City

Trivia Question: Who was the Hollywood star who became the governor of California in 2003?
Answer: Arnold Schwarzenegger

Trivia Question: Who is the Greek goddess of victory?
Answer: Nike

Trivia Question: Which great wonder of the Ancient World still stands today?
Answer: Giza Pyramid

Trivia Question: Which country was the first to allow women to vote?
Answer: New Zealand

Trivia Question: What year was India given independence from Great Britain?
Answer: 1947

Trivia Question: What was the first capital of the United States?
Answer: New York, New York

Trivia Question: How many astronauts have walked on the moon as of 2020?
Answer: 12

Trivia Question: Which river did George Washington famously cross in 1776?
Answer: Delaware

Trivia Question: Who was the first African American woman to be crowned Miss America?
Answer: Vanessa Williams

Trivia Question: Which U.S. President created the interstate highway system?
Answer: Dwight D. Eisenhower

Trivia Question: How many U.S. Presidents died in office (including assassination)?
Answer: Eight

Trivia Question: What was the longest battle in WWII?
Answer: Battle of the Atlantic

Trivia Question: What was the first Nazi concentration camp?
Answer: Dachau

Trivia Question: What was the name of the B-29 Bomber that dropped the first atomic bomb on Hiroshima?
Answer: Enola Gay

Trivia Question: Who was the first democratically elected president of Russia?
Answer: Boris Yeltsin

Trivia Question: What new economic program did China’s Mao Zedong announce in 1958?
Answer: “The Great Leap Forward”

Trivia Question: Which country held its first democratic elections on January 30th, 2005?
Answer: Iraq

Trivia Question: What was the first city to reach a population of 1 million?
Answer: Ancient Rome

Trivia Question: What year was the first internet domain registered?
Answer: 1985

Trivia Question: To whom was the first internet domain registered?
Answer: Symbolics.com

Trivia Question: The name “Australia” was formally adopted in which year?
Answer: 1824, A.D.

Trivia Question: What is the oldest operating airline in the world?
Answer: QANTAS

Trivia Question: Which political party was banned in Italy after WWII?
Answer: Fascist

Trivia Question: What language was the name “Australia” derived from?
Answer: Latin

Trivia Question: What year was the United Nations established?
Answer: 1945

Trivia Question: What was the Eureka Stockade?
Answer: A gold miner’s revolt in 1854 near Ballarat, Victoria

Trivia Question: What country won the first World Cup?
Answer: Uruguay

Trivia Question: In which year was the White Australia Policy formally abolished?
Answer: 1972 by Gough Whitlam

Trivia Question: What is the best selling novel of all time?
Answer: Don Quixote

Trivia Question: Ulysses S. Grant appears on the front on which denomination of U.S. currency?
Answer: The $50 bill

Trivia Question: Whose crew was the first to sail completely around the world?
Answer: Ferdinand Magellan

Trivia Question: Who overthrew the leader Salvador Allende in Chile in a coup d’etat?
Answer: Augusto Pinochet

Trivia Question: What was the term for the official policy of racial segregation in South Africa until 1994?
Answer: Apartheid

Trivia Question: In which year did the Titanic sink?
Answer: 1912

Trivia Question: What is the name of the economic program that was created to help Puerto Rico?
Answer: Operation Bootstrap

Trivia Question: How many heads of executive departments make up the U.S. President’s cabinet?
Answer: 15

Trivia Question: Who captured and murdered the Inca Emperor Atahualpa?
Answer: Francisco Pizarro

Trivia Question: Which South American country has a famous canal running through it?
Answer: Panama

Trivia Question: Which country was the first to legalize same-sex marriage?
Answer: The Netherlands

Trivia Question: Who was the first African American to be elected President of the United States?
Answer: Barrack Obama

Trivia Question: What is the name of the first pyramid ever built?
Answer: The pyramid of Djoser, also known as the Step Pyramid

Trivia Question: The Great Pyramids of Giza consist of how many pyramids?
Answer: Three

Trivia Question: What was Shakespeare’s first printed work?
Answer: Two poems: “Venus and Adonis” & “The Rape of Lucrece.”

Trivia Question: Where was the first Disney park built?
Answer: Anaheim, California

Trivia Question: What was the first cash crop in America?
Answer: Tobacco

Trivia Question: Which Treaty forced Britain to recognize The United States as an independent nation?
Answer: The Treaty of Paris of 1783

Trivia Question: Who was the first U.S. President to appear on television?
Answer: Franklin Roosevelt