Trivia Question: In 1927, who became the first man to fly solo and non-stop across the Atlantic?
Answer: Charles Lindbergh

Trivia Question: What was the family name of the Russian rulers from the 17th century until the 1917 revolution?
Answer: Romanov

Trivia Question: Which U.S. president had a home called The Hermitage?
Answer: Andrew Jackson

Trivia Question: What are the names of the U.S. presidents who have been assassinated?
Answer: Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfield, William McKinley, John F. Kennedy

Trivia Question: Which King of England was executed in 1649 during the English Civil War?
Answer: Charles I.

Trivia Question: Which world leader is famous for his “Little Red Book”?
Answer: Mao Zedong, or Mao Tse-tung

Trivia Question: Who was shot outside the Hilton Hotel in Washington on March 30th, 1981?
Answer: President Ronald Reagan

Trivia Question: Which mountaineer and his Sherpa became the first men to conquer Mount Everest?
Answer: Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay

Trivia Question: Who was the first man to walk on the moon?
Answer: Neil Armstrong

Trivia Question: Which Greek historian is known as the “Father of History”?
Answer: Herodotus

Trivia Question: Which Russian astronaut was the first man to conduct a spacewalk?
Answer: Alexey Leonov

Trivia Question: Who invented the cotton gin?
Answer: Eli Whitney

Trivia Question: Who became President of the United States after John F. Kennedy was assassinated?
Answer: Lyndon B. Johnson

Trivia Question: Who was the first man to swim the English Channel?
Answer: Matthew Webb

Trivia Question: Who built the first car in America?
Answer: Henry Ford

Trivia Question: Which English queen reigned for just nine days?
Answer: Lady Jane Grey

Trivia Question: Who is known for running through the streets crying Eureka?
Answer: Archimedes

Trivia Question: What is the name of the first female Hispanic astronaut?
Answer: Ellen Ochoa

Trivia Question: Who led the USSR from 1917-1922?
Answer: Vladimir Lenin

Trivia Question: The “Whitechapel Murderer” is the nickname given to which serial killer?
Answer: Jack the Ripper

Trivia Question: Who invented the telephone?
Answer: Alexander Graham Bell

Trivia Question: Who crossed the Rubicon?
Answer: Julius Caeser

Trivia Question: Who was the first female to be elected into the U.S. Congress?
Answer: Janet Rankin

Trivia Question: Who was the first black Senator in the United States?
Answer: Carol Moseley Brown

Trivia Question: Who painted the mural of “The Last Supper”?
Answer: Leonardo da Vinci

Trivia Question: What First Lady became the first wife of a sitting president to appear under subpoena before a grand jury?
Answer: Hillary Rodham Clinton

Trivia Question: Whose assassination resulted in the Lorraine Motel becoming the National Civil Rights Museum?
Answer: The assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr.

Trivia Question: Which U.S. President was inducted in the National Wrestling Hall of Fame in 1992?
Answer: Abraham Lincoln

Trivia Question: Who created the first successful printing press?
Answer: Johannes Gutenberg

Trivia Question: Who wrote the document known as the 95 Theses?
Answer: Martin Luther

Trivia Question: Who painted the Sistine Chapel?
Answer: Michelangelo

Trivia Question: Who was the first Western explorer to reach China?
Answer: Marco Polo

Trivia Question: Who was the inventor of the television?
Answer: Philo Taylor Farnsworth

Trivia Question: The Cuban Revolution led to the rise of what dictator?
Answer: Fidel Castro

Trivia Question: Which human ancestor was the first to discover fire?
Answer: Homo Erectus

Trivia Question: Who was the first female prime minister of Britain?
Answer: Margaret Thatcher

Trivia Question: Who assassinated Abraham Lincoln?
Answer: John Wilkes Booth

Trivia Question: Who was known as the “Virgin Queen”?
Answer: Queen Elizabeth I

Trivia Question: Who won the Nobel Peace prize in 1964?
Answer: Martin Luther King, Jr.

Trivia Question: Who wrote “The Communist Manifesto”?
Answer: Karl Marx & Friedrich Engels

Trivia Question: What was the first dynasty of Imperial China?
Answer: Qin dynasty

Trivia Question: Who invented Penicillin?
Answer: Alexander Fleming

Trivia Question: Whose assassination led to World War I?
Answer: Archduke Franz Ferdinand

Trivia Question: Which Argentinian became a notable figure in the Cuban Revolution?
Answer: Che Guevara

Trivia Question: Who ran the USSR during World War II?
Answer: Joseph Stalin

Trivia Question: Which movie star married the Prince of Monaco on April 18th, 1956?
Answer: Grace Kelly

Trivia Question: Who was the founder of the Mongol Empire?
Answer: Genghis Khan

Trivia Question: Who was the first African American Supreme Court Justice?
Answer: Thurgood Marshall

Trivia Question: Who won four gold medals in the 1936 Olympics, infuriating Adolf Hitler?
Answer: Jessie Owens

Trivia Question: Who was the first and, thus far, only female prime minister of Israel?
Answer: Golda Meir

Trivia Question: Who was the President of the United States during the Iran Hostage Crisis?
Answer: Jimmy Carter

Trivia Question: Who was the king of France during the French Revolution?
Answer: Louis XVI

Trivia Question: Which 19th-century scientist is known for creating the first vaccine?
Answer: Louis Pasteur

 Trivia Question: Who was the airline pilot that successfully landed his stricken plane in the Hudson River in 2009?
Answer: Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger

Trivia Question: Who invented the vaccine for Polio?
Answer: Jonas Salk

Trivia Question: Which former Primer Minister of India was assassinated in 1991?
Answer: Rajiv Gandhi

Trivia Question: Who was the second President of the United States?
Answer: John Adams

Trivia Question: Who was the Hollywood star who became the governor of California in 2003?
Answer: Arnold Schwarzenegger

Trivia Question: Who is the Greek goddess of victory?
Answer: Nike

Trivia Question: Who was the first African American woman to be crowned Miss America?
Answer: Vanessa Williams

Trivia Question: Which U.S. President created the interstate highway system?
Answer: Dwight D. Eisenhower

Trivia Question: What was the name of the B-29 Bomber that dropped the first atomic bomb on Hiroshima?
Answer: Enola Gay

Trivia Question: Who was the first democratically elected president of Russia?
Answer: Boris Yeltsin

Trivia Question: What is the best selling novel of all time?
Answer: Don Quixote

Trivia Question: Whose crew was the first to sail completely around the world?
Answer: Ferdinand Magellan

Trivia Question: Who overthrew the leader Salvador Allende in Chile in a coup d’etat?
Answer: Augusto Pinochet

Trivia Question: Who captured and murdered the Inca Emperor Atahualpa?
Answer: Francisco Pizarro

Trivia Question: Who was the first U.S. President to appear on television?
Answer: Franklin Roosevelt