Trivia Question: What was the shortest war in human history?
Answer: The war between England and Zanzibar

Trivia Question: Which famous battle took place on Sunday, June 18th, 1815?
Answer: The Battle of Waterloo

Trivia Question: Octavian defeated Mark Anthony in which famous naval battle of 31 B.C.?
Answer: The Battle of Actium

Trivia Question: Which war took place between 1950 and 1953?
Answer: The Korean War

Trivia Question: In which war did the Battle of the Bulge take place?
Answer: World War II

Trivia Question: What was the Great Western Schism?
Answer: When more than one pope claimed authority over the Roman Catholic church.

Trivia Question: Whose assassination resulted in the Lorraine Motel becoming the National Civil Rights Museum?
Answer: The assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr.

Trivia Question: What is the name of the disease that ravaged and killed a third of Europe’s population in the 14th century?
Answer: The Bubonic Plague

Trivia Question: In the 5,000 years of human history, what is the one disease that has been completely eradicated?
Answer: Small Pox

Trivia Question: What is the longest war in U.S. history?
Answer: Afghan War

Trivia Question: In 1939, the UK declared war on Germany after what event?
Answer: Poland was invaded

Trivia Question: What scandal forced U.S. President Richard Nixon to resign in 1974?
Answer: Watergate

Trivia Question: There have been four eons since the Earth’s beginning. What is the name of the eon we are living in?
Answer: Phanerozoic Eon

Trivia Question: Which series of wars saw European Christians invading the middle east to take the Holy Land?
Answer: The Crusades

Trivia Question: What acquisition of territory by the United States from France occurred in 1803?
Answer: Louisiana Purchase

Trivia Question: The Reign of Terror was a period during which major social and political event?
Answer: French Revolution

Trivia Question: Which conflict ended with the Good Friday Agreement?
Answer: The Troubles

Trivia Question: What documents were responsible for establishing the 17th Parallel as the line that separated Vietnam during the Vietnam War?
Answer: Geneva Accords
