Trivia Question: What number sequence often appears in nature and was discovered in 1202 AD?
Answer: The Fibonacci Sequence often appears in nature.

Trivia Question: Who invented paint by number?
Answer: Leonardo Da Vinci invented paint by number.

Trivia Question: When was the equal sign invented?
Answer: Robert Recorde invented the equal sign in 1557.

Trivia Question: What civilization first used dot patterns to represent numbers?
Answer: The Chinese first used dot patterns to represent numbers.

Trivia Question: How old was Isaac Newton when he developed integral calculus?
Answer: He was 23 years old.

Trivia Question: Who is the fastest human calculator?
Answer: Scott Flansburg won the Guinness World Record in 2001.

Trivia Question: When was the number googol first used?
Answer: In 1938 by Milton Sirotta, who was only nine years old.

Trivia Question: Which Indian Astronomer discovered zero around 600 A.D?
Answer: Brahmagupta discovered zero.

Trivia Question: What German woman formulated theories to understand relativity?
Answer: Emmy Noether formulated theories to understand relativity.

Trivia Question: Which mathematician published more papers during his lifetime than any other mathematician in history?
Answer: Paul Erdős published more papers than any other mathematician.

Trivia Question: What is the fastest someone has ever counted to one billion?
Answer: Jeremy Harper streamed his attempt in 2007. It lasted 89 days.

Trivia Question: Hundred was derived from what Norse number?
Answer: Hundrath, which means 120.

Trivia Question: What mathematical theory explains the randomness of nature?
Answer: The butterfly effect, which was discovered by meteorologist Edward Lorenz.

Trivia Question: Where was the oldest mathematical artifact found?
Answer: The Lebombo bone in the Lebombo Mountains.

Trivia Question: How was Eratosthenes able to determine the Earth’s diameter?
Answer: A rod and the rule of three.

Trivia Question: Who developed the cartesian axes?
Answer: René Descartes developed the cartesian axes.

Trivia Question: What is the Pythagoras’ Constant, discovered by the first mathematician around 500 BC?
Answer: The square root of two.

Trivia Question: Where was the first recorded instance of math games played?
Answer: Africa, in the south of the Sahara.

Trivia Question: What is the only number that has the same number of letters as its meaning?
Answer: Four has the same number of letters as its meaning.

Trivia Question: How many seconds are in one day?
Answer: 86,400 seconds.

Trivia Question: What is the billionth digit of Pi?
Answer: Nine is the billionth digit of Pi.

Trivia Question: What is the mathematical name for a pound sign (#)?
Answer: Octothorpe is the name for a pound sign.

Trivia Question: What number doesn’t have its own Roman numeral?
Answer: Zero doesn’t have a Roman numeral.

Trivia Question: What is the only even prime number?
Answer: Two is the only even prime number.

Trivia Question: Is Pi a rational or irrational number?
Answer: Pi is irrational. It cannot be written as a fraction.

Trivia Question: What is the smallest perfect number?
Answer: Six is the smallest perfect number.

Trivia Question: What is our current numerical system based on?
Answer: The Hindu-Arabic numeral system.

Trivia Question: Which number is considered a “magic number?”
Answer: Nine is a magic number.

Trivia Question: What is the most popular lucky number?
Answer: Seven is a popular lucky number.

Trivia Question: What is the most popular two-digit number?
Answer: Thirteen is a popular two-digit number.

Trivia Question: Which is the most prime number of the first ten?
Answer: Seven because it can’t be divided or multiplied by the first ten.

Trivia Question: How much would the paper weigh if you printed out the number Googolplex?
Answer: More than the entire planet!

Trivia Question: What is the only number spelled with letters in alphabetical order?
Answer: Forty is spelled in alphabetical order.

Trivia Question: What letter does every odd number have in it?
Answer: Every odd number has an ‘e’ in it.

Trivia Question: What are the only prime numbers that end in 2 and 5?
Answer: Two and five.

Trivia Question: How many lives are cats said to have?
Answer: Nine.

Trivia Question: How many cupcakes are in a baker’s dozen?
Answer: Thirteen.

Trivia Question: How many colors are needed on a map to make sure that no border will share a color?
Answer: Four.

Trivia Question: Where is four considered an unlucky number?
Answer: In Asia, four is considered an unlucky number.

Trivia Question: How do you laugh in Thai text lingo?
Answer: 555.

Trivia Question: What is the only temperature that is the same in Fahrenheit and Celsius?
Answer: 40 Below is the same in Fahrenheit and Celsius.

Trivia Question: How many different combinations does a Rubix cube have?
Answer: 43 quintillion combinations are possible.

Trivia Question: Which number is the sum of its multiples when you add the single digits together?
Answer: Nine.

Trivia Question: What does the Roman numeral “X” equal?
Answer: Ten.

Trivia Question: What is the perimeter of a circle called?
Answer: The circumference.

Trivia Question: What is an angle called if it’s greater than 90 degrees?
Answer: Obtuse.

Trivia Question: What is the top number of a fraction called?
Answer: Numerator.

Trivia Question: An improper fraction is always greater than what number?
Answer: One.

Trivia Question: Which prime number comes after 3?
Answer: Five.

Trivia Question: What is a whole number?
Answer: Any number without a decimal point.

Trivia Question: What does a century represent?
Answer: 100 years.

Trivia Question: What are integers?
Answer: They are like whole numbers, but they can include negative numbers.

Trivia Question: What is the basic metric unit of mass?
Answer: Kilogram.

Trivia Question: What is the math term described as the likelihood that something will happen?
Answer: Probability.

Trivia Question: What is the first digit of Pi?
Answer: Three.

Trivia Question: What common math term means ‘for every one hundred’ in Latin?
Answer: Percent.

Trivia Question: What may be mixed, complex, or vulgar?
Answer: Fractions.

Trivia Question: What was developed as a tool to investigate a change in natural sciences?
Answer: Calculus.

Trivia Question: The most notable achievement in Islamic Mathematics was the development of what?
Answer: Algebra.

Trivia Question: Which mathematician noticed the morning and evening star were one and the same?
Answer: Pythagoras.

Trivia Question: What unit of time is 1/1000 of a second?
Answer: A jiffy.

Trivia Question: What is the square root of 144?
Answer: Twelve.

Trivia Question: What is 64 divided by 8?
Answer: Eight.

Trivia Question: What is five squared?
Answer: Twenty-five.

Trivia Question: What is three squared?
Answer: Nine.

Trivia Question: What is 16 minus 8?
Answer: Eight.

Trivia Question: What is 91 divided by 7?
Answer: Thirteen.

Trivia Question: What is five to the power of zero
Answer: One.

Trivia Question: What is 24 plus 11?
Answer: Thirty-five.

Trivia Question: What is the square root of 81?
Answer: Nine.

Trivia Question: If Mark has 56 legos and Angelo has 24 legos, how many legos do they have together?
Answer: Eighty legos.

Trivia Question: If Lacey has 84 pink flowers, and Andrew has 95 flowers, how many flowers do they have in total?
Answer: 179 flowers.

Trivia Question: What is the least common multiple of 6, 8, and 12?
Answer: Twenty-four.

Trivia Question: Can Pi be written as a fraction?
Answer: No.

Trivia Question: Are all sides equal in an Isosceles triangle?
Answer: No, only two are equal.

Trivia Question: Which number is greater, a googol, or a quadrillion?
Answer: A googol.

Trivia Question: Is negative four a natural number?
Answer: No.

Trivia Question: What is bigger, 100, or 10 squared?
Answer: They’re the same!

Trivia Question: Does a convex shape curve inward or outward?
Answer: Outward.

Trivia Question: In school, Albert Einstein failed most of the subjects, except for physics and math.
Answer: Yes.

Trivia Question: How many sides does a nonagon have?
Answer: Nine.

Trivia Question: How many equal sides do Icosahedrons have?
Answer: Twenty.

Trivia Question: What is a shape with eight sides called?
Answer: An octagon.

Trivia Question: How many sides does a dodecahedron have?
Answer: Twelve.

Trivia Question: How many sides does a hexagon have?
Answer: Six.

Trivia Question: What’s a polygon with four unequal sides called?
Answer: Quadrilateral.

Trivia Question: How many sides does an enneadecagon have?
Answer: Nineteen.

Trivia Question: What is a polygon with eight sides?
Answer: An octagon.

Trivia Question: What is the name for the longest side of a right triangle?
Answer: Hypotenuse.

Trivia Question: How many equal sides does an icosahedron have?
Answer: Twenty.

Trivia Question: What is the name for a three-sided polygon?
Answer: Triangle.

Trivia Question: What flat image can also be displayed in 3D?
Answer: A hologram.

Trivia Question: What number does a giga stand for?
Answer: A billion.

Trivia Question: What is the prefix meaning 10?
Answer: Deka.

Trivia Question: A composite number has what?
Answer: One factor.

Trivia Question: What number is twice the sum of its digits?
Answer: Eighteen.

Trivia Question: The lemniscate is the shape of what mathematical symbol?
Answer: The infinity symbol.

Trivia Question: What was the number zero originally called?
Answer: Cipher.

Trivia Question: What is the study of quantity, structure, space and change?
Answer: Mathematics!

Trivia Question: The Fields Medal is the mathematical equivalent to what?
Answer: The Nobel Prize.

Trivia Question: Where did Archimedes come from?
Answer: Syracuse, Greece.

Trivia Question: How many moves does it take to solve a Rubik’s cube?
Answer: No more than 20 moves.

Trivia Question: When is Pi Day celebrated?
Answer: March 14.

Trivia Question: What number is represented in Roman numerals by the letter D?
Answer: 500.

Trivia Question: Where were the Arabic Numerals invented?
Answer: India.

Trivia Question: What’s the first number to contain the letter A?
Answer: One thousand.

Trivia Question: What number comes first when arranged alphabetically?
Answer: Eight.

Trivia Question: How many digits of pi are there?
Answer: Infinity.

Trivia Question: In Chinese and Japanese cultures, the number 4 is associated with what?
Answer: Death.

Trivia Question: What is the symbol of division called?
Answer: Obelus.

Trivia Question: What are the first four digits of Pi?
Answer: 3.141

Trivia Question: How many degrees is a full circle?
Answer: 360.

Trivia Question: Who invented the equal sign?
Answer: Robert Recorde.

Trivia Question: What is the only even prime number?
Answer: Two.

Trivia Question: Markings on animal bones indicate humans have been doing math since when?
Answer: 30,000 BC.

Trivia Question: What did John Napier invent in 1614?
Answer: Logarithms 50.

Trivia Question: In a group of 23 people, what is it called when there’s a fifty percent chance two will have the same birthday?
Answer: The Birthday Paradox.

Trivia Question: What is the meaning of crore?
Answer: Ten million.

Trivia Question: If there are 17 postcards in a shop and you buy 6 – how many postcards are left?
Answer: Eleven postcards

Trivia Question: If there are 64 popsicles to split among 16 students, how many popsicles would each student get?
Answer: Four popsicles.

Trivia Question: Jamie reads 14 pages in her 38-page book. How many pages are left?
Answer: Twenty-four pages.

Trivia Question: If there are 9 chocolate bars and Chris eats 3, how many are left?
Answer: Six chocolate bars.