Trivia Question: What are the names of the stepsisters from Disney’s Cinderella?
Answer: Anastasia & Drizella

Trivia Question: Who was the first African American to win the Academy Award for best actor?
Answer: Sidney Poitier

Trivia Question: What popular Disney character makes an appearance as a stuffed animal in the film Frozen?
Answer: Mickey Mouse

Trivia Question: In the Disney film The Little Mermaid, what does Ariel call the fork in her collection of human objects?
Answer: Dinglehopper

Trivia Question: Who was the only non-Jedi in the original Star Wars trilogy to use a lightsaber?
Answer: Han Solo

Trivia Question: What was the name of the character Jack Nicholson played in the film One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest?
Answer: Randle Patrick McMurphy

Trivia Question: Who was the first actress to ever win an Academy Award?
Answer: Janet Gaynor

Trivia Question: Which actress has the longest TV career spanning over 80 years?
Answer: Betty White

Trivia Question: Which actress has won the most Academy Awards in history?
Answer: Katherine Hepburn with 4 Academy Awards

Trivia Question: Who played the voice of Dory in the film Finding Dory?
Answer: Ellen DeGeneres

Trivia Question: Which actress won an Oscar for her first film role in Mary Poppins?
Answer: Julie Andrews

Trivia Question: Who was the first solo female host of the Oscars?
Answer: Whoopi Goldberg

Trivia Question: Which actor starred in the 1961 movie The Hustler?
Answer: Paul Newman

Trivia Question: Who starred in the original version of the film A Star is Born?
Answer: Janet Gaynor & Fredric March

Trivia Question: What is the name of Repunzal’s chameleon in Disney’s movie Tangled?
Answer: Pascal

Trivia Question: Which actor danced his way to fame in the original version of Footloose?
Answer: Kevin Bacon

Trivia Question: In the film Rocky, what are Rocky’s pet turtles’ names?
Answer: Cuff & Link

Trivia Question: Who played Keyser Soze in the film The Usual Suspects?
Answer: Kevin Spacey

Trivia Question: What were the children’s names in Mary Poppins?
Answer: Jane & Michael Banks

Trivia Question: Who starred as Private Ryan in the movie Saving Private Ryan?
Answer: Matt Damon

Trivia Question: Who played Celie in the movie The Color Purple?
Answer: Whoopi Goldberg

Trivia Question: Who directed the horror film Psycho?
Answer: Alfred Hitchcock

Trivia Question: Who is the director of When Harry Met Sally?
Answer: Rob Reiner

Trivia Question: What was Celie’s husband’s name in The Color Purple?
Answer: Albert

rivia Question: Who opens the door to the ballroom when Maria is dancing around in The Sound of Music?
Answer: Captain von Trapp

Trivia Question: What is the youngest child’s name in the von Trapp family in the film The Sound of Music?
Answer: Gretl

Trivia Question: What is the psychiatrist’s name at the prison where Hannibal Lector lives in The Silence of the Lambs?
Answer: Dr. Chilton

Trivia Question: What is Scarlett O’Hara’s first name in Gone With the Wind?
Answer: Katie

Trivia Question: In the movie Gone With the Wind, which Oscar-winning actress played Mammy?
Answer: Hattie McDaniel

Trivia Question: What was Scarlett and Rhett’s daughter’s name in the film Gone With the Wind?
Answer: Bonnie

Trivia Question: What is Bubba’s name in Forrest Gump?
Answer: Benjamin Buford Blue

Trivia Question: Who starred as Lieutenant Dan in Forrest Gump?
Answer: Gary Sinise

Trivia Question: What was Jenny and Forrest’s son’s name in Forrest Gump?
Answer: Forrest, Jr.

Trivia Question: What is Red’s full name in the film The Shawshank Redemption?
Answer: Ellis Boyd Redding

Trivia Question: Which actor stars as Deadpool in Marvel’s Deadpool?
Answer: Ryan Reynolds

Trivia Question: Which actor received an Oscar for his portrayal of the Joker?
Answer: Joaquin Phoenix

Trivia Question: Which actor stars as Ennis Del Mar in the film Brokeback Mountain?
Answer: Heath Ledger

Trivia Question: In the animated film Cars, what is the name of Lightning McQueen’s friend who is a tow truck?
Answer: Mater

Trivia Question: Who directed the film Get Out?
Answer: Jordan Peele

Trivia Question: Who played the voice of the genie in Disney’s Aladdin?
Answer: Robin Williams

Trivia Question: In Finding Nemo, who says, “Fish are friends, not food.”?
Answer: Bruce, the shark

Trivia Question: What was the name of the young girl in the film Jurassic Park?
Answer: Lex Murphy

Trivia Question: Which English actor won the 2014 Academy Award for Best Actor in the film The Theory of Everything?
Answer: Eddie Redmayne

Trivia Question: What was the name of Bella and Edward’s daughter in the film Twilight: Breaking Dawn (Part 1)?
Answer: Renesmee

Trivia Question: What is the last name of Edward and his family in the Twilight series?
Answer: Cullen

Trivia Question: In The Lord of the Rings, what is the name of the elf that takes part in the fellowship of the ring?
Answer: Legolas

Trivia Question: Who wrote the book that The Godfather is based on?
Answer: Mario Puzo