Trivia Question: Which James Bond movie was the first for Pierce Brosnan as 007?
Answer: GoldenEye

Trivia Question: Which film written, directed, and produced by James Cameron went on to become the highest-grossing film of its time?
Answer: Titanic

Trivia Question: For which films did Tom Hanks receive an Academy Award for Best Actor?
Answer: Philadelphia (1994) & Forrest Gump (1995)

Trivia Question: Which Disney movie was the first full-length, animated feature produced in the United States?
Answer: Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937)

Trivia Question: What is the current highest-grossing film of all time?
Answer: Avenger: Endgame

Trivia Question: What is the highest-grossing animated film in history?
Answer: Frozen 2

Trivia Question: Which 1994 film won an Oscar for Best Costume Design?
Answer: The Adventures of Priscilla Queen of the Desert

Trivia Question: Which Indiana Jones film sparked the controversy that led to the creation of the PG-13 rating?
Answer: Temple of Doom

Trivia Question: Which movie is the first non-English language film to win an Oscar for Best Picture?
Answer: Parasite

Trivia Question: What is Stephen King’s top-grossing movie?
Answer: The Shining

Trivia Question: In which Mission Impossible film did Tom Cruise train himself to do 6.5-minute breath holds?
Answer: Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation

Trivia Question: In which movie from the Underworld series do we see Selene and Michael’s hybrid daughter?
Answer: Underworld: Awakening

Trivia Question: In which film did actor Brad Pitt star as David Mills?
Answer: Seven

Trivia Question: Which 2018 film features the actor John Krasinski starring alongside his real-life wife, Emily Blunt?
Answer: A Quiet Place

Trivia Question: In which movie would you find the quote: “Exercise gives you endorphins. Endorphins make you happy. Happy people just don’t shoot their husbands. They just don’t.”?
Answer: Legally Blonde

Trivia Question: From which movie comes the quote, “I felt it. Perfect. I was perfect.”?
Answer: Black Swan

Trivia Question: What is the first sports film to win an Academy Award for Best Picture
Answer: Rocky

Trivia Question: What war movie won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2009?
Answer: The Hurt Locker