Trivia Question: What musician was deported from Japan in the 1980s for possession of marijuana?
Answer: Paul McCartney

Trivia Question: Who is the lead singer of Pearl Jam?
Answer: Eddie Vedder

Trivia Question: Which singer is a godmother to Elton John’s two sons?
Answer: Lady Gaga

Trivia Question: Who is the lead singer of Smash Mouth?
Answer: Steven Harwell

Trivia Question: What is Hozier’s real name?
Answer: Andrew Hozier-Byrne

Trivia Question: Who was the female lead singer for the band Berlin?
Answer: Terri Nunn

Trivia Question: Who raps on Usher’s “Yeah”?
Answer: Ludacris

Trivia Question: What pop singer is known as “The Material Girl”?
Answer: Madonna

Trivia Question: U2’s “Angel of Harlem” was written about what singer?
Answer: Billie Holiday

Trivia Question: Which Beatle had dyslexia?
Answer: John Lennon

Trivia Question: Which pop singer’s real name is Robyn Fenty?
Answer: Rihanna

Trivia Question: Which pop star played 27 different instruments on their debut album “For You”?
Answer: Prince

Trivia Question: Which of these R&B artists did the title track for the movie “Ghostbusters”?
Answer: Ray Parker, Jr.

Trivia Question: Who was Andrew Ridgeley’s partner in the group Wham!?
Answer: George Michael

Trivia Question: Which American rapper originally went by the name Lesane Parish Crooks?
Answer: Tupac

Trivia Question: Who won the top R&B Male Artist at the Billboard Music Awards 2018?
Answer: Bruno Mars

Trivia Question: What pop artist recorded the hit “Tonight, Tonight”?
Answer: Hot Chelle Rae

Trivia Question: Elton John’s 1976 hit “Don’t Go Breaking My Heart” was a duet with which vocalist?
Answer: Kiki Dee

Trivia Question: Who was the lead guitarist of Queen?
Answer: Brian Harold May

Trivia Question: In 1998, who won the Album of the Year Grammy for “Time Out Of Mind”?
Answer: Bob Dylan

Trivia Question: Who sang a duet with Ed Sheeran on the song “Perfect”?
Answer: Beyonce

Trivia Question: What male vocalist sings “Drop It Like It’s Hot”?
Answer: Snoop Dogg/Pharell Williams

Trivia Question: What was Elvis Presley’s middle name?
Answer: Aaron

Trivia Question: Who released the country song “Most People Are Good”?
Answer: Luke Bryan

Trivia Question: Who released the country album “Rearview Town”?
Answer: Jason Aldean

Trivia Question: What is Fergie’s real name?
Answer: Stacie Ann Ferguson

Trivia Question: Which popular singer is referred to as “the Boss”?
Answer: Bruce Springsteen

Trivia Question: What musician won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016?
Answer: Bob Dylan

Trivia Question: Which contemporary pop singer has a tattoo of Jesus Christ on one of his calves?
Answer: Justin Bieber

Trivia Question: Who sang “(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman” at Aretha Franklin’s funeral?
Answer: Ariana Grande

Trivia Question: Which Beatle worked on a James Bond theme song?
Answer: Paul McCartney

Trivia Question: The song “We Are Never Getting Back Together” was allegedly written about which of Taylor Swift’s ex-boyfriends?
Answer: Jake Gyllenhaal

Trivia Question: What is the name of Beyonce’s alter ego?
Answer: Sasha Fierce

Trivia Question: What is Pink’s real name?
Answer: Alicia Moore

Trivia Question: Michael Jackson’s Thriller was produced by which music producer?
Answer: Quincy Jones

Trivia Question: Who sang “Bye Bye Love”?
Answer: The Everly Brothers

Trivia Question: Who released the 2018 album “Graffiti U”?
Answer: Keith Urban

Trivia Question: Who is referred to as the Queen of Pop?
Answer: Madonna

Trivia Question: Who put out the hit single “If You Love Somebody Set Them Free” in 1985?
Answer: Sting

Trivia Question: Who is Sheeran’s dance partner in the “Thinking Out Loud” music video?
Answer: Brittany Cherry

Trivia Question: What artist released the song “Video Games” in 2012?
Answer: Lana Del Ray

Trivia Question: Charlie Puth sings the song “Marvin Gaye,” featuring what other artist?
Answer: Meghan Trainor

Trivia Question: Which lead singer is credited with popularizing stage diving?
Answer: Iggy Pop

Trivia Question: Who recorded the hit single “Car Wash” in 1977?
Answer: Rose Royce

Trivia Question: What pop artist recorded the hit “Jenny From the Block”?
Answer: Jennifer Lopez

Trivia Question: According to Billboard, who was the top-selling album artist of the 1970s?
Answer: Elton John

Trivia Question: Who was the first country artist to sell over 10 million copies of an album?
Answer: Garth Brooks

Trivia Question: What jazz trumpeter was dubbed the “Prince of Darkness”?
Answer: Miles Davis

Trivia Question: What singer changed his name from Frederick Bulsara?
Answer: Freddie Mercury

Trivia Question: Whose debut song was “Shake You Down” in the 1980s?
Answer: Gregory Abbott

Trivia Question: Whose career as a solo performer was launched with the song “Careless Whisper”?
Answer: George Michael

Trivia Question: Which member of Def Leppard died in 1991?
Answer: Steve Clark

Trivia Question: What is Barbra Streisand’s middle name?
Answer: Joan

Trivia Question: Who was the original lead singer with The Supremes?
Answer: Diana Ross

Trivia Question: Sheryl Crow’s first big break came as a backup singer for which singer?
Answer: Michael Jackson

Trivia Question: Which Wilson Phillips group member had gastric bypass surgery?
Answer: Carnie Wilson

Trivia Question: Sheryl Crow’s first big break came as a backup singer for which singer?
Answer: Michael Jackson

Trivia Question: Which Wilson Phillips group member had gastric bypass surgery?
Answer: Carnie Wilson

Trivia Question: Which Member of The Go-Go’s released an album titled Fur with the forgettable single “Rush Hour”?
Answer: Jane Wiedlin

Trivia Question: Who wrote “Mama Told Me (Not To Come),” the 1970s hit for Three Dog Night?
Answer: Randy Newman

Trivia Question: Who had the 1974 number one album “Can’t Get Enough”?
Answer: Barry White

Trivia Question: Who spent four weeks at number one on the US singles chart with ‘Magic” in 1980?
Answer: Olivia Newton-John

Trivia Question: Which female artist released the song “Hero” in 1993?
Answer: Mariah Carey

Trivia Question: In 1999, who had a number one hit on the Billboard Hot 100 with “Genie In A Bottle”?
Answer: Christina Aguilera

Trivia Question: Who had a hit with “You Can’t Touch This”?
Answer: MC Hammer

Trivia Question: Who is the musical icon that released “In the Blue Light’ in 2018?
Answer: Paul Simon

Trivia Question: Who sang the hit “Do Ya Think I’m Sexy” in 1978?
Answer: Rod Stewart

Trivia Question: The 2017 album “DAMN.” was released by which artist?
Answer: Kendrick Lamar

Trivia Question: Who performed “Sunrise, Sunburn, Sunset” at the 2018 CMT Music Awards?
Answer: Luke Bryan

Trivia Question: Who did Whitney Houston marry from 1992-2007?
Answer: Bobby Brown

Trivia Question: Which artist recorded the song “The Remedy?”
Answer: Jason Mraz

Trivia Question: Who had a hit with the song “The A-Team”?
Answer: Ed Sheeran

Trivia Question: Who is the artist for the album Lemonade?
Answer: Beyonce

Trivia Question: Who was the lead singer for the Scorpions?
Answer: Klaus Meine

Trivia Question: Who released the 2018 country song “Singles You Up”?
Answer: Jordan Davis

Trivia Question: Room For Squares was a CD released by which artist?
Answer: John Mayer

Trivia Question: Who has two hits with “Thousand Miles” and “Ordinary Day”?
Answer: Vanessa Carlton

Trivia Question: What is the first name of the singer with the huge hit “Fallin”?
Answer: Alicia Keys

Trivia Question: Who is the lead singer of the group Evanescence?
Answer: Amy Lee

Trivia Question: What singer wrote and performed the song “Mean”?
Answer: Taylor Swift

Trivia Question: Who recorded the single “Only U?”
Answer: Ashanti

Trivia Question: Which female singer released “Rolling in the Deep?”
Answer: Adele

Trivia Question: Who released the country song “All On Me”?
Answer: Devin Dawson