Trivia Question: Which famous music group was formerly known as the New Yardbirds?
Answer: Led Zeppelin

Trivia Question: Which group holds the distinction of starring in the first music video ever aired on MTV?
Answer: The Buggles

Trivia Question: Brothers Barry, Robin, and Maurice Gibb formed which pop group in the late 1950s?
Answer: The Bee Gees

Trivia Question: The Grateful Dead’s highly-devoted fanbase is known as what?
Answer: Deadheads

Trivia Question: What band’s original name was Warsaw?
Answer: Joy Division

Trivia Question: What band had a debut album titled “Can’t Buy a Thrill”?
Answer: Steely Dan

Trivia Question: Which group recorded the hit single “Karma Chameleon” in 1984?
Answer: Culture Club

Trivia Question: Ace Frehley is a member of which iconic rock band?
Answer: Kiss

Trivia Question: What band is Pat Smear in?
Answer: Foo Fighters

Trivia Question: Ozzy Osbourne was the lead vocalist of which classic heavy metal band?
Answer: Black Sabbath

Trivia Question: Which band’s debut album was entitled “Appetite for Destruction”?
Answer: Guns N’ Roses

Trivia Question: Lady Gaga derived her stage name from a song performed by which band?
Answer: Queen

Trivia Question: Who recorded the hit single “Meet Virginia” in 2000?
Answer: Train

Trivia Question: What artist released the song “Good Life”?
Answer: OneRepublic

Trivia Question: Who put out the hit “I Want To Know What Love Is” in 1985?
Answer: Foreigner

Trivia Question: Who performed at the halftime show at Super Bowl L?
Answer: Coldplay

Trivia Question: What band had a hit with the song “Love Somebody”?
Answer: Maroon 5

Trivia Question: Justin Timberlake started his career as a member of what band?
Answer: *NSYNC

Trivia Question: Which band recorded the 2014 UK Singles chart-topper “She Looks So Perfect”?
Answer: 5 Seconds Of Summer

Trivia Question: What group sang “I Know What Boys Like”?
Answer: The Waitresses

Trivia Question: What 80s band covered and reworked the song “Tainted Love”?
Answer: Soft Cell

Trivia Question: Who had the hit “The Loco-Motion” in 1974?
Answer: Grand Funk

Trivia Question: “Kokomo” gave which group a number one hit in 1988?
Answer: The Beach Boys

Trivia Question: Who had a hit with “You Can’t Touch This”?
Answer: MC Hammer

Trivia Question: Who sings the song with the lyrics ‘Push me up against the wall, young Kentucky girl in a push-up bra’?
Answer: Red Hot Chili Peppers

Trivia Question: What musical group performs on Jimmy Fallon’s talk show?
Answer: The Roots

Trivia Question: Whose first album was titled ‘Wide Open Spaces’?
Answer: The Dixie Chicks

Trivia Question: Which band sings the song ‘Barbie Girl’?
Answer: Aqua

Trivia Question: What band has Patrick Stump as lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist?
Answer: Fall Out Boy

Trivia Question: Where was the band Genesis founded?
Answer: Surrey

Trivia Question: What group has hits such as “Arms Wide Open” and “One Last Breath”?
Answer: Creed

Trivia Question: What group has hits with “Just A Girl” and “Underneath It All”?
Answer: No Doubt

Trivia Question: Which German band had a hit single with “99 Luftballons”?
Answer: Nena

Trivia Question: Which girl group had hits with “Girl Talk” and “Hands Up”?
Answer: TLC

Trivia Question: In 1967, what band released the hit song “Ruby Tuesday”?
Answer: The Rolling Stones