Trivia Question: What was Elvis Presley’s first hit in 1956?
Answer: Heartbreak Hotel

Trivia Question: What Smashing Pumpkins song was originally done by Fleetwood Mac?
Answer: Landslide

Trivia Question: What song has the lyric “I need you more tonight, and I need you more than ever”?
Answer: Total Eclipse Of The Heart

Trivia Question: In 1985, Tina Turner won the Grammy for Record of the Year for what song?
Answer: What’s Love Got To Do With It

Trivia Question: What was Kelly Clarkson’s debut song?
Answer: Miss Independent

Trivia Question: Which Elton John song did The Beach Boys record in 1991?
Answer: Crocodile Rock

Trivia Question: Thomas Dolby released the song “She Blinded Me With…” What is the ending of this song title?
Answer: Science

Trivia Question: What Beatles single lasted longest on the charts, lasting 19 weeks?
Answer: Hey Jude

Trivia Question: Vanilla Ice’s 1991 hit “Ice Ice Baby” was used as a sample from which Queen song?
Answer: Under Pressure

Trivia Question: Blondie had a number one single in 1980; what was that song’s name?
Answer: Call Me

Trivia Question: Rick Springfield took what song to number one in the summer of 1981?
Answer: Jessie’s Girl

Trivia Question: Which song starts with these lines: “I bet you’re wondering’ how I knew, ‘About your plans to make me blue.”
Answer: I Heard It Through the Grapevine

Trivia Question: Which Eagles song gave the band their first single hit of the ’70s?
Answer: Best of My Love

Trivia Question: Which song gave Tina Turner her first solo number-one single?
Answer: What’s Love Got To Do With It

Trivia Question: Which upbeat song featured these lyrics: “All right stop, collaborate and listen”?
Answer: Ice Ice Baby

Trivia Question: What was the Backstreet Boys’ first single in 1995?
Answer: We’ve Got It Goin’ On.

Trivia Question: The Four Seasons hit the charts with “December 1963,” what was the rest of its title?
Answer: Oh, What a Night

Trivia Question: What hit by Nelly Furtado was number one on over 20 different music charts?
Answer: Say It Right

Trivia Question: What song is the lyric”Well this calls for a toast, so pour the champagne, pour the champagne” this from?
Answer: I Write Sins Not Tragedies

Trivia Question: What song by Fergie featured her on a private plane?
Answer: Glamorous

Trivia Question: What hit by Rihanna featured a music video where Rihanna dresses up as a French maid?
Answer: Umbrella