Trivia Question: What is it called when you make light change direction by passing it through a lens?
Answer: Refraction

Trivia Question: What type of bond involves the sharing of electron pairs between different atoms?
Answer: Covalent

Trivia Question: What disease stems from the medieval term that means ‘bad air’?
Answer: Malaria

Trivia Question: Optics is the study of what?
Answer: Light

Trivia Question: Oncology focuses on what disease?
Answer: Cancer

Trivia Question: What does ‘E’ represent in E=MC2?
Answer: Energy

Trivia Question: Mycology is the scientific study of what?
Answer: Fungi

Trivia Question: What is the “powerhouse of the cell?”
Answer: Mitochondria

Trivia Question: What is the scientific name for the job or role an organism plays in its habitat?
Answer: Niche

Trivia Question: Who begins food chains?
Answer: Producers

Trivia Question: What was the first sound-recording device called?
Answer: Phonograph

Trivia Question: What is the smallest named time interval?
Answer: Planck time

Trivia Question: What reaction releases energy into its surroundings?
Answer: Exothermic 

Trivia Question: A single piece of coiled DNA is known as what?
Answer: Chromosome

Trivia Question: The wire inside an electric bulb is known as what?
Answer: Filament

Trivia Question: The most recognized model of how the universe began is known as the?
Answer: Big Bang

Trivia Question: What do you call molten rock before it has erupted?
Answer: Magma

Trivia Question: Substances that don’t conduct heat are known as what?
Answer: Insulators

Trivia Question: What is another name for a tidal wave?
Answer: Tsunami

Trivia Question: The chemistry of carbon is known as what?
Answer: Organic chemistry

Trivia Question: The study of the weather is called what?
Answer: Meteorology

Trivia Question: What is a scientist who specializes in the study of cells called?
Answer: Cytologist

Trivia Question: Someone who studies earthquakes is known as what?
Answer: Seismologist

Trivia Question: What is the study of plant life called?
Answer: Botany

Trivia Question: A person who studies fossils and prehistoric life, such as dinosaurs, is known as what?
Answer: Paleontologist

Trivia Question: The study of human remains is called what?
Answer: Archaeology

Trivia Question: What is the study of the interaction or relationship of living organisms to one another?
Answer: Ecology

Trivia Question: What is the formal name for climate studies?
Answer: Climatology

Trivia Question: What does a conchologist collect?
Answer: Seashells

Trivia Question: The first vaccine was for which disease?
Answer: Smallpox

Trivia Question: What is the calm center part of a hurricane called?
Answer: Eye

Trivia Question: What layer of the Earth is right below the crust?
Answer: Mantle

Trivia Question: What is the first phase of mitosis?
Answer: Interphase

Trivia Question: What is the scientific word for push or pull?
Answer: Force

Trivia Question: What is the center of an atom called?
Answer: The nucleus

Trivia Question: A magnifying glass is what type of lens?
Answer: Convex