Trivia Question: What element did Joseph Priestley discover in 1774?
Answer: Oxygen

Trivia Question: What inorganic molecule is produced by lightning?
Answer: Ozone

Trivia Question: Bronze is an alloy consisting primarily of what two elements?
Answer: Copper and Tin

Trivia Question: What is the nearest planet to the sun?
Answer: Mercury

Trivia Question: The earth has three layers that are different due to varying temperatures. What are its three layers?
Answer: Crust, mantle, and core

Trivia Question: What is the largest known land animal?
Answer: Elephant

Trivia Question: Which of Newton’s Laws states that ‘for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction?’
Answer: The third law of motion

Trivia Question: How many elements are there in the periodic table?
Answer: 118

Trivia Question: What is the tallest type of grass?
Answer: Bamboo

Trivia Question: How many bones do sharks have?
Answer: Zero

Trivia Question: Diabetes develops as the result of a problem with which specific organ in the body?
Answer: Pancreas

Trivia Question: What is the rarest blood type?
Answer: AB-

Trivia Question: What is it called when you make light change direction by passing it through a lens?
Answer: Refraction

Trivia Question: What type of bond involves the sharing of electron pairs between different atoms?
Answer: Covalent

Trivia Question: Where is the world’s most active volcano located?
Answer: Hawaii

Trivia Question: What disease stems from the medieval term that means ‘bad air’?
Answer: Malaria

Trivia Question: Optics is the study of what?
Answer: Light

Trivia Question: What part of the brain deals with hearing and language?
Answer: Temporal lobe

Trivia Question: Dolly was the first-ever living creature to be cloned. What type of animal was she?
Answer: Sheep

Trivia Question: Animals that eat both plants and meat are called what?
Answer: Omnivores

Trivia Question: What is the quality of an object that allows it to float on water?
Answer: Buoyancy

Trivia Question: What is the largest internal organ of the human body?
Answer: Liver

Trivia Question: Oncology focuses on what disease?
Answer: Cancer

Trivia Question: Which two elements on the periodic table are liquids at room temperature?
Answer: Mercury and Bromine

Trivia Question: What planet in our solar system has the most gravity?
Answer: Jupiter

Trivia Question: Penicillin is used to fight what type of infections?
Answer: Bacterial

Trivia Question: What is the medical term for bad breath?
Answer: Halitosis

Trivia Question: The study of the weather is called what?
Answer: Meteorology

Trivia Question: What is a Geiger Counter used to measure?
Answer: Radiation

Trivia Question: What type of cell division results in two four daughter cells, each with half the number of chromosomes in the parent cells?
Answer: Meiosis

Trivia Question: What is the symbol of the element silver?
Answer: Ag

Trivia Question: What does ‘E’ represent in E=MC2?
Answer: Energy

Trivia Question: According to Apollo astronauts, the Moon smells like what?
Answer: Burnt gunpowder

Trivia Question: Frogs belong to which animal group?
Answer: Amphibians

Trivia Question: Which component of an atom might you expect to be orbiting around it?
Answer: Electrons

Trivia Question: Mycology is the scientific study of what?
Answer: Fungi

Trivia Question: What is the name of the red pigment found in vertebrates that functions in oxygen transport?
Answer: Hemoglobin

Trivia Question: What is the electrical charge of a neutron?
Answer: No charge

Trivia Question: What kind of energy does an unlit match have?
Answer: Chemical energy

Trivia Question: How do you calculate density?
Answer: Density is mass divided by volume

Trivia Question: What is it called when an individual doesn’t offer to help someone in an emergency if there are other people present?
Answer: Bystander effect

Trivia Question: Which psychological concept did Pavlov’s dog help him describe?
Answer: Conditioning

Trivia Question: In terms of pH, what is ammonia?
Answer: Basic

Trivia Question: About how old is Earth?
Answer: 4.5 billion years

Trivia Question: What is the name of the most recent supercontinent?
Answer: Pangea

Trivia Question: What is the scientific term for peeling skin?
Answer: Desquamation

Trivia Question: Which moon of Saturn has a methane cycle?
Answer: Titan

Trivia Question: Around what percentage of animal species are invertebrates?
Answer: 95%

Trivia Question: What animal is the closest living relative of a human?
Answer: Chimps and bonobos

Trivia Question: What is the “powerhouse of the cell?”
Answer: Mitochondria

Trivia Question: What is the sun mostly made up of?
Answer: Hydrogen

Trivia Question: The smallest bones in the body are located where?
Answer: The ear

Trivia Question: What is the scientific name for the job or role an organism plays in its habitat?
Answer: Niche

Trivia Question: The process of weathered material moving due to gravity is called what?
Answer: Erosion

Trivia Question: What is the fin on the backs of fish, some whales, and dolphins called?
Answer: Dorsal Fin

Trivia Question: What is a scientist who specializes in the study of cells called?
Answer: Cytologist

Trivia Question: What part of the brain controls hunger?
Answer: Hypothalamus

Trivia Question: What flap on your windpipe helps keep out food particles?
Answer: Epiglottis

Trivia Question: What causes the moon to shine?
Answer: Reflection from the sunlight

Trivia Question: What does the ER of a cell stand for?
Answer: Endoplasmic Reticulum

Trivia Question: What is the main structural molecule in hair and nails?
Answer: Keratin

Trivia Question: What is a unit that measures force?
Answer: Newtons

Trivia Question: What are the gaps between nerve cells called?
Answer: Synapses

Trivia Question: What is the galaxy closest in light-years to the Milky Way Galaxy?
Answer: Andromeda

Trivia Question: Which constellation are the stars Castor and Pollux in?
Answer: Gemini

Trivia Question: What element is a diamond composed of?
Answer: Carbon

Trivia Question: What was the first planet discovered with the aid of a telescope?
Answer: Uranus

Trivia Question: What does a conchologist collect?
Answer: Seashells

Trivia Question: What is the splitting of atomic nuclei called?
Answer: Nuclear Fission

Trivia Question: What is the sticky part of the pistil called?
Answer: Stigma

Trivia Question: What instrument do you use to measure wind speed?
Answer: Anemometer

Trivia Question: What do you count on a tree to tell how old it is?
Answer: It’s rings

Trivia Question: Botulinum toxin is commonly referred to as what?
Answer: Botox

Trivia Question: What does the gall bladder secrete?
Answer: Bile

Trivia Question: What is made by white blood cells to help fight off infection?
Answer: Antibodies

Trivia Question: Which person is known for publishing “The Interpretation of Dreams”?
Answer: Sigmund Freud

Trivia Question: How many chambers make up the human heart?
Answer: Four

Trivia Question: The first vaccine was for which disease?
Answer: Smallpox

Trivia Question: Who was the first woman in space?
Answer: Valentina Tereshkova

Trivia Question: What is the calm center part of a hurricane called?
Answer: Eye

Trivia Question: What layer of the Earth is right below the crust?
Answer: Mantle

Trivia Question: What is the first phase of mitosis?
Answer: Interphase

Trivia Question: What are the lower chambers of the human heart called?
Answer: Ventricles

Trivia Question: Who begins food chains?
Answer: Producers

Trivia Question: What part of the brain is responsible for vision?
Answer: Occipital

Trivia Question: What is the chemical symbol for lead?
Answer: Pb

Trivia Question: Who is considered the “father” of organic chemistry?
Answer: Friedrich Wöhler

Trivia Question: What scientist proposed the theory of continental drift?
Answer: Alfred Wegener

Trivia Question: What is the study of plant life called?
Answer: Botany

Trivia Question: What color catches the eye first?
Answer: Yellow

Trivia Question: Specialized cells are called photoreceptors. What are the 2 types of photoreceptors in the retina called?
Answer: Rods and cones

Trivia Question: A unit of electromotive force is called what?
Answer: Volt

Trivia Question: What gas makes up most of the atmosphere of Mars?
Answer: Carbon Dioxide

Trivia Question: To any astronaut, what is an EVA?
Answer: Extravehicular activity

Trivia Question: Between which two planets does the asteroid belt lie?
Answer: Jupiter and Mars

Trivia Question: What is the process of breaking down food called?
Answer: Digestion

Trivia Question: How many bones are in a giraffe’s neck?
Answer: Seven

Trivia Question: What ongoing process allows water to be constantly recycled?
Answer: Water Cycle

Trivia Question: What is the average life cycle of a red blood cell?
Answer: 120 days

Trivia Question: What was the first sound-recording device called?
Answer: Phonograph

Trivia Question: What is the scientific word for push or pull?
Answer: Force

Trivia Question: What is the only bone in the human body that isn’t attached to another bone?
Answer: Hyoid bone

Trivia Question: Who first proposed the concept of contact lenses?
Answer: Leonardo da Vinci

Trivia Question: What are the four states of matter?
Answer: Solid, liquid, gas, plasma

Trivia Question: The metamorphism of what rock forms marble?
Answer: Limestone

Trivia Question: Aspirin comes from the bark of what tree?
Answer: Willow

Trivia Question: What is the smallest organ in the human body?
Answer: Pineal gland

Trivia Question: What are the four primary precious metals?
Answer: Gold, silver, platinum, and palladium

Trivia Question: What is the only planet in our solar system less dense than water?
Answer: Saturn

Trivia Question: The Arrector Pili muscles are responsible for what phenomenon?
Answer: Goosebumps

Trivia Question: What is the smallest named time interval?
Answer: Planck time

Trivia Question: What reaction releases energy into its surroundings?
Answer: Exothermic reaction

Trivia Question: What gives onions their distinctive smell?
Answer: Sulfer

Trivia Question: What element is named after the Greek word for green?
Answer: Chlorine

Trivia Question: How many vertebrae in the human spine?
Answer: 33

Trivia Question: How long is an eon?
Answer: A billion years

Trivia Question: What is the name of the process where plants lose water in the atmosphere?
Answer: Transpiration

Trivia Question: What part of the human body is the axilla?
Answer: The armpit

Trivia Question: What is the second most abundant mineral in the human body?
Answer: Phosphorus

Trivia Question: Where on the human body are the most sweat glands?
Answer: Bottom of the feet

Trivia Question: What metal is the best conductor of electricity?
Answer: Silver

Trivia Question: What does the human lacrimal gland produce?
Answer: Tears

Trivia Question: What are the four types of adult human teeth?
Answer: Incisors, canines, premolars, molars

Trivia Question: What color has the longest wavelength in the visible spectrum?
Answer: Red

Trivia Question: Syncope is the medical name for what condition?
Answer: Fainting

Trivia Question: What number on the Richter scale does an earthquake have to reach to be considered major?
Answer: 7

Trivia Question: What scale is used to measure the hardness of minerals?
Answer: Mohs scale

Trivia Question: What is the largest nerve in the human body?
Answer: Sciatic

Trivia Question: The small intestine is made up of jejunum, ileum, and what?
Answer: Duodenum

Trivia Question: What condition is singultus?
Answer: Hiccups

Trivia Question: What sense is most closely linked to memory?
Answer: Smell

Trivia Question: NaCI is the chemical formula of which common substance?
Answer: Salt

Trivia Question: What is the fourth planet from the sun?
Answer: Mars

Trivia Question: What is the fattiest human organ?
Answer: Brain

Trivia Question: Who formulated the theory of evolution in his book, The Origin of Species?
Answer: Charles Darwin

Trivia Question: Brass is an alloy of which two metals?
Answer: Copper and zinc

Trivia Question: In which part of the body are the ossicles found?
Answer: The ear

Trivia Question: What is the center of an atom called?
Answer: The nucleus

Trivia Question: A nuclear reaction where the nucleus of an atom splits into smaller parts is known as what?
Answer: Nuclear fission

Trivia Question: Atoms of the same chemical element but with different atomic masses are known as what?
Answer: Isotopes

Trivia Question: What is the name of the biggest part of the human brain?
Answer: The cerebrum

Trivia Question: Ganymede is a moon of which planet?
Answer: Jupiter

Trivia Question: What are the muscles found in the front of the thighs are known as?
Answer: Quadriceps

Trivia Question: The innermost part of bones contains what?
Answer: Bone marrow

Trivia Question: What is the name of NASA’s most famous space telescope?
Answer: Hubble Space Telescope

Trivia Question: What is the shape of DNA known as?
Answer: A double helix

Trivia Question: What is the long pipe’s name that moves food from the back of the throat down to the stomach?
Answer: The esophagus

Trivia Question: What planet is famous for its big red spot on it?
Answer: Jupiter

Trivia Question: What is the sun?
Answer: A star

Trivia Question: Who was the first person to walk on the moon?
Answer: Neil Armstrong

Trivia Question: Olympus Mons is a large volcanic mountain on which planet?
Answer: Mars

Trivia Question: What planet is closest in size to Earth?
Answer: Venus

Trivia Question: A single piece of coiled DNA is known as what?
Answer: Chromosome

Trivia Question: Electric power is typically measured in what units?
Answer: Watts

Trivia Question: What is the seventh planet from the Sun?
Answer: Uranus

Trivia Question: The process of pasteurization is named after which French microbiologist?
Answer: Louis Pasteur

Trivia Question: Electric current is measured using what device?
Answer: Ammeter

Trivia Question: The wire inside an electric bulb is known as what?
Answer: Filament

Trivia Question: A magnifying glass is what type of lens?
Answer: Convex

Trivia Question: Electric resistance is typically measured in what units?
Answer: Ohms

Trivia Question: The most recognized model of how the universe began is known as the?
Answer: Big Bang

Trivia Question: What is the earth’s primary source of energy?
Answer: The sun

Trivia Question: Water is made up of what two elements?
Answer: Hydrogen and oxygen

Trivia Question: The deepest point in all of the world’s oceans is named what?
Answer: Mariana Trench

Trivia Question: In terms of computing, what does CPU stand for?
Answer: Central Processing Unit

Trivia Question: Along with whom did Bill Gates found Microsoft?
Answer: Paul Allen

Trivia Question: What do you call molten rock before it has erupted?
Answer: Magma

Trivia Question: What are the three-time periods of the dinosaurs?
Answer: Triassic, Jurassic, and Cretaceous

Trivia Question: Someone who studies earthquakes is known as what?
Answer: Seismologist

Trivia Question: What country experiences the most tornadoes?
Answer: United States

Trivia Question: What is the name of a weather instrument used to measure atmospheric pressure?
Answer: A barometer

Trivia Question: The Japanese word “sakura” means the blossoming of what kind of tree?
Answer: Cherry tree

Trivia Question: The movement of pollen from the anthers to a flower’s stigma is known as what?
Answer: Pollination

Trivia Question: What is the name of the world’s largest reef?
Answer: Great Barrier Reef

Trivia Question: What islands were extensively studied by Charles Darwin?
Answer: Galapagos Islands

Trivia Question: The Ayers Rock in Australia is also known as what?
Answer: Uluru

Trivia Question: What is the chemical symbol of gold?
Answer: Au

Trivia Question: What is the freezing temperature of water?
Answer: 32 degrees Fahrenheit (0 degrees Celsius)

Trivia Question: Substances that don’t conduct heat are known as what?
Answer: Insulators

Trivia Question: At what temperature is Fahrenheit equal to Centigrade?
Answer: -40 degrees

Trivia Question: In terms of engineering software, what does CAD stand for?
Answer: Computer-Aided Design

Trivia Question: Apatosaurus is also widely known by what other name?
Answer: Brontosaurus

Trivia Question: A person who studies fossils and prehistoric life, such as dinosaurs, is known as what?
Answer: Paleontologist

Trivia Question: What is another name for a tidal wave?
Answer: Tsunami

Trivia Question: When a gas changes into a liquid, it is called what?
Answer: Condensation

Trivia Question: What is it called when a solid changes directly into a gas?
Answer: Sublimation

Trivia Question: What does “SPF” mean in sunscreen?
Answer: Sun Protection Factor

Trivia Question: What gas is essential in the production of fertilizers and light bulbs?
Answer: Nitrogen

Trivia Question: What part of the body are low-density lipoproteins most likely to clog?
Answer: Arteries

Trivia Question: What instrument is used for accurately measuring small amounts of liquid?
Answer: Pipette

Trivia Question: What’s the study of materials at very low temperatures?
Answer: Cryogenics

Trivia Question: What planet is circled by two moons?
Answer: Mars

Trivia Question: The study of human remains is called what?
Answer: Archaeology

Trivia Question: The chemistry of carbon is known as what?
Answer: Organic chemistry

Trivia Question: What does the term ‘PCR’ stand for?
Answer: Polymerase chain reaction

Trivia Question: Mechanical engineer Wilhelm Conrad Roentgen was from what country?
Answer: Germany

Trivia Question: Who split the atom?
Answer: Ernest Rutherford

Trivia Question: What is the chemical structure of magnesium sulfate?
Answer: MgSO4

Trivia Question: How many cervical vertebrae are there in the typical human body?
Answer: Seven

Trivia Question: What does ‘NMR’ stand for?
Answer: Nuclear Magnetic Resonance

Trivia Question: What is the world’s largest Hydroelectric Power Plant?
Answer: Three Gorges Dam

Trivia Question: Who invented the microscope?
Answer: Zacharias Janssen

Trivia Question: Who is the father of modern taxonomy?
Answer: Carolus Linnaeus

Trivia Question: What is the study of the interaction or relationship of living organisms to one another?
Answer: Ecology

Trivia Question: What gas makes soda bubbly?
Answer: Carbon Dioxide

Trivia Question: What enzyme in the human mouth helps digest carbohydrates?
Answer: Salivary Amylase

Trivia Question: What is the formal name for climate studies?
Answer: Climatology

Trivia Question: Which form of energy can we see with the naked eye?
Answer: Light

Trivia Question: What does Earth do that causes night and day?
Answer: Rotates

Trivia Question: What are the chewing teeth called?
Answer: Incisors

Trivia Question: Who was the inventor of the first battery?
Answer: Alessandro Volta

Trivia Question: What is the distance between the moon and earth?
Answer: 238,900 miles

Trivia Question: What is so reactive with water that it has to be stored in oil because it will react with the air’s moisture?
Answer: Potassium

Trivia Question: What type of bond is present in a water molecule?
Answer: Hydrogen Bond

Trivia Question: What is the shape of the Milky Way?
Answer: Spiral

Trivia Question: What is the strongest magnet in the universe?
Answer: Magnetars

Trivia Question: What is the programmed death cell process called?
Answer: Apoptosis

Trivia Question: Who was the first man to see bacteria?
Answer: Antony Leeuwenhoek

Trivia Question: Where is the Olympus mons present?
Answer: Mars

Trivia Question: What is another name for the SA node in the heart?
Answer: Pacemaker

Trivia Question: What is the inflammation of the liver called?
Answer: Hepatitis

Trivia Question: What procedure known for sound navigation?
Answer: Sonar

Trivia Question: What is the most malleable metal?
Answer: Gold