Trivia Question: Which of Newton’s Laws states that ‘for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction?’
Answer: The third law of motion

Trivia Question: What is the quality of an object that allows it to float on water?
Answer: Buoyancy

Trivia Question: What is the medical term for bad breath?
Answer: Halitosis

Trivia Question: What type of cell division results in two four daughter cells, each with half the number of chromosomes in the parent cells?
Answer: Meiosis

Trivia Question: What is it called when an individual doesn’t offer to help someone in an emergency if there are other people present?
Answer: Bystander effect

Trivia Question: Which psychological concept did Pavlov’s dog help him describe?
Answer: Conditioning

Trivia Question: What is the scientific term for peeling skin?
Answer: Desquamation

Trivia Question: The process of weathered material moving due to gravity is called what?
Answer: Erosion

Trivia Question: What is the splitting of atomic nuclei called?
Answer: Nuclear Fission

Trivia Question: What is the process of breaking down food called?
Answer: Digestion

Trivia Question: What ongoing process allows water to be constantly recycled?
Answer: Water Cycle

Trivia Question: Syncope is the medical name for what condition?
Answer: Fainting

Trivia Question: What condition is singultus?
Answer: Hiccups

Trivia Question: What is the name of the process where plants lose water in the atmosphere?
Answer: Transpiration

Trivia Question: The movement of pollen from the anthers to a flower’s stigma is known as what?
Answer: Pollination

Trivia Question: When a gas changes into a liquid, it is called what?
Answer: Condensation

Trivia Question: What is it called when a solid changes directly into a gas?
Answer: Sublimation

Trivia Question: What’s the study of materials at very low temperatures?
Answer: Cryogenics

Trivia Question: What is the programmed death cell process called?
Answer: Apoptosis

Trivia Question: What is the inflammation of the liver called?
Answer: Hepatitis

Trivia Question: The Arrector Pili muscles are responsible for what phenomenon?
Answer: Goosebumps