Trivia Question: Which fish is known to be the fastest in the ocean?
Answer: Sailfish

Trivia Question: Which type of animal is known to be the fastest bird in the world?
Answer: The Peregrine Falcon

Trivia Question: Which bird is known to have the largest wingspan on the planet?
Answer: Albatross

Trivia Question: Which bird is known to be the smallest in the world? Bonus Question: How small is this bird?
Answer: Bee Hummingbird

Trivia Question: What popular sea creature has the ability to clone itself?
Answer: Jellyfish

Trivia Question: Which sea creature is known to be the only natural predator of the Great White Shark?
Answer: Orca, the Killer Whale

Trivia Question: Which bird is known to have eyes larger than its brain?
Answer: Ostrich

Trivia Question: Other than a platypus, what is the only other mammal known to lay eggs?
Answer: Echidna

Trivia Question: In Peru, it’s common to eat which popular household pet?
Answer: Guinea Pig

Trivia Question: In the entire animal kingdom, what is the only male animal known to give birth?
Answer: Seahorses

Trivia Question: Which animal is known to breathe through their skin?
Answer: Frogs

Trivia Question: A Tasmanian devil is known to be which kind of animal?
Answer: Marsupial

Trivia Question: What are the oldest surviving mammals on Earth?
Answer: Monotremes

Trivia Question: What animal is known to have the shortest pregnancy on Earth?
Answer: Opossum

Trivia Question: Which animal species are known to have the largest eyes in the world?
Answer: Colossal Squid

Trivia Question: Which common farm animals were originally domesticated in Southern China?
Answer: Chickens

Trivia Question: Which mammal is not able to jump?
Answer: Elephants

Trivia Question: What is Scotland’s national animal?
Answer: Unicorn

Trivia Question: What animal is commonly known as the ‘flying fox’?
Answer: Bat

Trivia Question: Which sea creature is recognized for having the largest brain?
Answer:  Sperm Whale

Trivia Question: Which crustacean is able to growl when intimidating their enemies?
Answer: Ghost Crab

Trivia Question: Which popular mammals are known to wash their hands and feet in urine?
Answer: Capuchin Monkeys

Trivia Question: Which whales are known to hunt with bubbles?
Answer: Humpback Whales

Trivia Question: Which animal is known to plant thousands of trees across the world?
Answer: Squirrels

Trivia Question: What are the only primates known to be venomous?
Answer: Slow Lorises

Trivia Question: Which animal is known to survive being frozen?
Answer: Frogs

Trivia Question: Which animal is known to spend 90% of its day, sleeping?
Answer: Koala Bears

Trivia Question: In order to survive winter, which animal is known to breathe through its butt?
Answer: Painted Turtles

Trivia Question: What animal is known as the only vertebrae that can regenerate their body parts?
Answer: Axolotls

Trivia Question: Which animal’s stripes are known to be on their skin as well as their fur?
Answer: Tiger

Trivia Question: Which animal’s poop is known to take the shape of cubes?
Answer: Wombat

Trivia Question: Which animal squirts blood from their eyes as a defensive technique?
Answer: Horned Lizards

Trivia Question: Which animal’s teeth are known to grow forever?
Answer: Rabbit

Trivia Question: Which birds are known to be the only birds that can fly backward?
Answer: Hummingbirds

Trivia Question: Which animal is known to have 32 brains?
Answer: Leeches