Trivia Question: Diabetes develops as the result of a problem with which specific organ in the body?
Answer: Pancreas

Trivia Question: What part of the brain deals with hearing and language?
Answer: Temporal lobe

Trivia Question: What is the largest internal organ of the human body?
Answer: Liver

Trivia Question: The smallest bones in the body are located where?
Answer: The ear

Trivia Question: What flap on your windpipe helps keep out food particles?
Answer: Epiglottis

Trivia Question: What is the main structural molecule in hair and nails?
Answer: Keratin

Trivia Question: What are the gaps between nerve cells called?
Answer: Synapses

Trivia Question: What is the sticky part of the pistil called?
Answer: Stigma

Trivia Question: What does the gall bladder secrete?
Answer: Bile

Trivia Question: What is made by white blood cells to help fight off infection?
Answer: Antibodies

Trivia Question: What are the lower chambers of the human heart called?
Answer: Ventricles

Trivia Question: What part of the brain is responsible for vision?
Answer: Occipital

Trivia Question: What is the only bone in the human body that isn’t attached to another bone?
Answer: Hyoid 

Trivia Question: What is the smallest organ in the human body?
Answer: Pineal gland

Trivia Question: What part of the human body is the axilla?
Answer: The armpit

Trivia Question: Where on the human body are the most sweat glands?
Answer: Bottom of the feet

Trivia Question: What is the largest nerve in the human body?
Answer: Sciatic

Trivia Question: The small intestine is made up of jejunum, ileum, and what?
Answer: Duodenum

Trivia Question: What is the fattiest human organ?
Answer: Brain

Trivia Question: In which part of the body are the ossicles found?
Answer: The ear

Trivia Question: What is the name of the biggest part of the human brain?
Answer: The cerebrum

Trivia Question: What are the muscles found in the front of the thighs are known as?
Answer: Quadriceps

Trivia Question: The innermost part of bones contains what?
Answer: Bone marrow

Trivia Question: What is the long pipe’s name that moves food from the back of the throat down to the stomach?
Answer: The esophagus

Trivia Question: What part of the body are low-density lipoproteins most likely to clog?
Answer: Arteries

Trivia Question: What enzyme in the human mouth helps digest carbohydrates?
Answer: Salivary Amylase

Trivia Question: What are the chewing teeth called?
Answer: Incisors