Trivia Question: A sporting event is held every year on Memorial Day. What is it?
Answer: Indianapolis 500.

Trivia Question: In horse racing, the Triple Crown is awarded to a horse that wins which three races?
Answer: The Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes, and Belmont Stake.

Trivia Question: What was the biggest margin of victory ever in a Triple Crown race?
Answer: 31 lengths.

Trivia Question: Who was the first woman to win the woman’s World Figure Skating Championship?
Answer: Madge Syers.

Trivia Question: What coach came off the bench to play for his team in the Stanley Cup finals?
Answer: Lester Patrick.

Trivia Question: What sport did bank robber John Dillinger play?
Answer: Baseball.

Trivia Question: In which sport was Muhammad Ali popular?
Answer: Boxing

Trivia Question: What was the first NHL team to win back-to-back Stanley Cup titles?
Answer: Montreal Canadiens.

Trivia Question: The first NHL All-Star game was held as a benefit for what injured star?
Answer: Ace Bailey.

Trivia Question: How many knobs, switches, and buttons does a Formula One steering wheel have?
Answer: 35 buttons.

Trivia Question: How old was Tiger Woods when he won the Masters?
Answer: 21.

Trivia Question: The dimples on a golf ball give in traction on the terrain. How many dimples does an average golf ball have?
Answer: 336.

Trivia Question: What golfer was known as “The Golden Bear”?
Answer: Jack Nicklaus.

Trivia Question: Which golf tournament did Tiger Woods win by 12 strokes in 1997?
Answer: The Master’s Tournament.

Trivia Question: How long are players allowed to search for their ball?
Answer: 5 minutes.

Trivia Question: Who was the first golfer to reach one million dollars in career earnings on the PGA Tour?
Answer: Arnold Palmer.

Trivia Question: Who was the first winner of the U.S. Women’s Open?
Answer: Patty Berg.

Trivia Question: What type of golf clubs are used for long shots from the tee or fairway?
Answer: Woods.

Trivia Question: What golfer invented the modern sand wedge?
Answer: Gene Sarazen.

Trivia Question: Who was named PGA Tour Rookie of the Year in 1996?
Answer: Tiger Woods.

Trivia Question: In the 1998 European Indoor Championships in Zurich, Venus Williams broke a record for one of the fastest serves in tennis. How fast did her ball go?
Answer: 127.4 miles per hour.

Trivia Question: How many minutes was the longest recorded point in the history of tennis?
Answer: 29 minutes.

Trivia Question: What year was the first-ever Wimbledon tournament held?
Answer: 1877.

Trivia Question: What year was tennis originally introduced as an Olympic sport?
Answer: 1896.

Trivia Question: What is the name for the left side of the tennis court for each player?
Answer: Ad court.

Trivia Question: How long was the longest singles match in recorded tennis history?
Answer: 11 hours and 5 minutes.

Trivia Question: What is the term for a zero score in tennis?
Answer: Love.

Trivia Question: Who defeated tennis player Bobby Riggs in the famous “Battle of the Sexes”?
Answer: Billy Jean King.

Trivia Question: When did female American tennis legend, Serena Williams win her first major tennis championship?
Answer: 1999.

Trivia Question: A “Grand Slam” in tennis means a player winning how many major tournaments in a calendar year?
Answer: Four.

Trivia Question: How big is a baseball?
Answer: 9 to 9 1/4 inches in circumference.

Trivia Question: What material was first used to cover baseballs?
Answer: Cowhide.

Trivia Question: Which baseball player holds the record for the most home runs in a single season?
Answer: Barry Bonds.

Trivia Question: What year did the players go on strike, resulting in no baseball World Series?
Answer: 1994.

Trivia Question: How many total minutes of action are there in an average baseball game?
Answer: 18 minutes.

Trivia Question: The term ‘home run’ was already previously used in a different sport before becoming a mainstay in baseball vocabulary. What was that sport?
Answer: Cricket.

Trivia Question: Who won the first ever World Series in Baseball in the ’50s?
Answer: New York Yankees.

Trivia Question: What pitcher holds the record for most complete games in an MLB career?
Answer: Cy Young.

Trivia Question: Who was the first Major League player to have his number retired?
Answer: Lou Gehrig Day.

Trivia Question: What player was killed by a pitch from Yankees pitcher Carl Mays?
Answer: Ray Chapman.

Trivia Question: In American Football, a touchdown is worth how many points?
Answer: 6 points.

Trivia Question: This openly gay player was the first ever to be drafted by an NFL team. What was his name?
Answer: Michael Sam.

Trivia Question: All NFL franchises move around and change their names throughout the seasons, but there is one that has retained its name and location, earning it the name of the oldest existing NFL franchise.
Answer: What is it? Green Bay Packers.

Trivia Question: This player kicked a record-breaking punt against the Denver Broncos in 1969. What was his name?
Answer: Steve O’Neal.

Trivia Question: In 1982, how many games made up the NFL regular-season schedule?
Answer: 9 games.

Trivia Question: What is the only team in the NFL to neither host nor play in the Super Bowl?
Answer: Cleveland Browns.

Trivia Question: In 1972, this American Football team went undefeated for the whole season, even during the Super Bowl. What was the team?
Answer: The Miami Dolphins.

Trivia Question: Which Hall of Fame NFL player went by the nickname “Sweetness”?
Answer: Walter Payton.

Trivia Question: What team won 3 Super Bowls in the 1990s?
Answer: Dallas.

Trivia Question: Who was the first player to rush for 1000 yards in a season?
Answer: Beattie Feathers.

Trivia Question: Which basketball player was Michael Jordan nicknamed after as a young high school basketball enthusiast?
Answer: Magic after Magic Johnson.

Trivia Question: How many NBA championships did Michael Jordan win with the Chicago Bulls?
Answer: Six.

Trivia Question: Stephen Curry’s father played professional basketball for what team towards the end of his career?
Answer: Toronto Raptors.

Trivia Question: Who was the first-ever NBA player to score 2,000 points in a single season?
Answer: George Yardly.

Trivia Question: How many personal fouls does a player get to be ejected from an NBA basketball game?
Answer: 6 personal fouls.

Trivia Question: How many seasons did Michael Jordan play with the Chicago Bulls before going back into the game with the Wizards?
Answer: 13 seasons.

Trivia Question: Who holds the record in basketball for the most fouls?
Answer: Kareem Abdul.

Trivia Question: What player was known as the “Clown Prince” of the Harlem Globetrotters?
Answer: Hubert “Geese” Ausbie.

Trivia Question: Who was the first WNBA player to dunk in a playoff game?
Answer: Brittney Griner.

Trivia Question: What team owns the longest winning streak in NBA history?
Answer: Los Angeles Lakers.

Trivia Question: What sport is dubbed the ‘king of sports’?
Answer: Soccer.

Trivia Question: The first-ever soccer World Cup was won by what country?
Answer: Uruguay.

Trivia Question: What was the first country from Africa to qualify for a soccer World Cup?
Answer: Egypt.

Trivia Question: Which is the only team to play in every soccer World Cup tournament?
Answer: Brazil.

Trivia Question: In what country did Mia Hamm learn to play soccer?
Answer: Italy.

Trivia Question: What was the fastest goal in World Cup history?
Answer: 10.8 seconds.

Trivia Question: Who was the first player to score at five World Cup editions?
Answer: Marta Vieira da Silva.

Trivia Question: What did the Iranian national team players lose a week before their 2018 World Cup match?
Answer: Their shoes.

Trivia Question: Who was the first World Cup mascot?
Answer: World Cup Willie.

Trivia Question: What does the FIFA World Cup Trophy depict?
Answer: Two human figures holding up the Earth.

Trivia Question: How big is an Olympic sized swimming pool in meters?
Answer: 50 meters long and 25 meters wide.

Trivia Question: The Olympics are held every how many years?
Answer: Four years.

Trivia Question: Who was the first-ever athlete to fail a drug test for the Olympics?
Answer: Hans-Gunnar Liljenwall.

Trivia Question: How many Olympic games were held in countries that no longer exist?
Answer: Three.

Trivia Question: What country has competed the most times in the Summer Olympics without winning any medal at all?
Answer: Liechtenstein.

Trivia Question: What is the Olympic motto?
Answer: Faster, higher, stronger.

Trivia Question: What country boycotted the 1980 Summer Olympics?
Answer: The United States.

Trivia Question: Who eight gold medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics?
Answer: Michael Phelps.

Trivia Question: During the first-ever modern Olympics, what were the first placers awarded with instead of gold medals?
Answer: Silver medals.

Trivia Question: What country has competed the most times in the Summer Olympics without winning a gold medal?
Answer: The Philippines.